You know what I do is write for kids , and , in fact , I 'm probably the author for kids , read in the United States .
And I always tell people that I do n't want to look like a scientist .
I can look like a farmer , or with leather clothing , and never one has chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and <unk> .
And you know that an epiphany is generally something that came to you somewhere .
You just have to turn the apple back to see it as an epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the kind of complicated circle that I 'm going to talk about .
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class .
When he was beating up every week in the bathroom 's bathroom , until a teacher 's saved me life .
She saved my life when she went into the bathroom to the faculty hall .
He was doing it in secret .
For three years , for three years .
And I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and I ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s , I felt the need to start working on organizations fighting against AIDS .
About three or four years ago , half of the night I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned that of adults we never get to know .
You could help Ohio , and please bring that man that I know you 've already found .
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to engage you with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , wept , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found a place , the <unk> , and we take care of her family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And so the woman who wanted to know me as an adult came to me , became a box of ash , and he was put in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about was made in itself .
The epiphany is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that that part of life needs all the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy that I 've talked a lot today about this .
It also needs -- it needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important to me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I went to the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first icebergs .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was <unk> , trying to understand what was in front of me .
And I could n't take them around the water about 60 feet , and I could n't even think it was about a snowflake on another <unk> per year after year .
The icebergs are born when they fall from glaciers or break down ice walls .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some people who refuse to give up and hold up to the end , while others can not stand it more and they 're going into a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , looking at a iceberg , which are isolated apart and alone , as we look at ourselves as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As a iceberg melts , I 'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere .
As a eardrum is melting , rich water in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I walk up to photograph these regarded as if it was the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments there are that way and wo n't exist in that way again .
It 's not death when you melt ; it 's not an end , but one continuation of its way through the cycle of life .
Part of the ice 's ice that I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's got a couple thousands of years .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The last photos I 'd like to show you are a iceberg that photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's rare to get to actually see a rolling iceberg .
Here they have .
You can see the left a little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and their baseline of <unk> .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the boat has moved to the other side and the man is standing there .
This is a governance iceberg , average size .
Water is about 120 feet or 40 feet .
This video is in real time .
And so <unk> , the eardrum shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single <unk> a baby . OK .
So , two couples each with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , I 'm not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage , I want you to imagine that , in a case , the sperm chromosome joins the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the X chromosome of the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg .
Both turn on and starts alive .
We 'll come back to talk about them later .
In my land , I had two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of the anatomy .
I 'm an historian training and what I study in this case is the way people started out the anatomy -- which is , human bodies and <unk> , how they 've considered the bodily fluids , the idea of the body , what have thought about the body .
The other role as a role in my work is to be an activist , as a patient advocate , or as I say sometimes , <unk> people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with twins twins , two people inside a body .
I 've worked with people with <unk> ; people much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with a lot of people with an outlier , individuals whose physical typology does n't fit into male schemes and female schemes .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
<unk> adopt a lot of ways .
I 'm going to put you a few examples of ways of having a sex that would n't happen in the normal or female forms .
For example , it 's the case of the individual with an XY gene , which is called the chromosome from the chromosome and tells them to <unk> , that we all have in the fetal life , that you become testicles .
And then , in the fetal life , testes make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does n't react to the same .
It 's the <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's a high levels of testosterone but without reaction .
As a consequence , the body develops on a typically female course .
When the baby is born , the baby looks like a child .
It 's a girl . She 's raised as a girl .
And often , it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing breast breasts , but he does n't have a menstrual period , when someone realizes that something is happening .
After doing tests you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think that this is a man , but it 's actually not .
Women , like men , we have in the body , something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the hormone <unk> hormone .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know his <unk> structure ; I think to be a typical woman , most women like me are sensitive to <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> and we respond to <unk> .
As a consequence , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman was born with testicles that have <unk> syndrome .
That 's why sex is a complicated thing . It 's not that the <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19 year-old boy born and raised as a male , and he had a girlfriend , and sex with her , he had a life like a guy , and I had just discovered that I had ovaries and uterus .
I had an extreme way of a disease known as <unk> <unk> .
It had the 20th chromosomes and the uterus were so active that we essentially created a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , his genitals were <unk> , his brain was exposed to the hormonal typically male component .
He was born with a little bit of a child ; no one 's going to be born .
And it was at 19 years old when he started having medical problems from the internal menstruation , when the doctors discovered that , in fact , it was a woman in the inside .
Well , another quick example of a case of <unk> .
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what 's known as <unk> , which is , they have <unk> tissue wrapped up in it .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are lots of sex varieties .
The reason that children with this type of bodies will be dwarfed , and <unk> twins , or <unk> are <unk> and <unk> is not so we can enjoy a better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly sane .
The reason they 're <unk> around surgery is that they 're a threat to our social categories .
The system is mostly based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings to a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms .
A terribly simplistic idea .
And when you present us a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic feature .
Imagine what it is to have kids that are born as two people inside one body .
The most high case is last year with the South African runner <unk> <unk> ; he put in the fabric of judgment his sex on the Berlin Olympics .
A lot of journalists called to ask myself , `` What test are you going to do to determine whether <unk> <unk> is a man or woman ? ''
And I had to explain to journalists that there is n't such a test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature does n't trace a separate line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women and <unk> ; we are those who mapped that line .
So what we 've got is a situation where the more science advances , we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that will match directly with stable anatomical categories .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also , in terms of race , something which is much more complicated than the terminology .
As we see , we get into a rough terrain .
So let 's take a look , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What about the fact of <unk> of them in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on in science , we get more and more in an area that we have to recognize that the <unk> categories that are probably too much as <unk> .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and in the end of life .
It 's hard to set out a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are really very hot discussions today , not in public , but it 's within <unk> about when someone is considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to deal with this question of whether someone was dead .
As a lot would put him a pen in front of the nose , and if you move it still , it 's not yet .
If I stopped moving the <unk> .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body .
And as a consequence , we need to address the dilemma of determining really somebody 's death , and this puts us in a difficult situation where we do n't have the single categories of the past .
And maybe think that this categories of categories could be happy to be happy like me .
In politics , I 'm progressive , I stand for people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that it gets nervous .
And so I would argue that these categories are much more fragile than we were thinking about .
<unk> from the concept of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , first I have to admit that I 'm a fervent fan of my parents .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did , I find each other watching <unk> <unk> and not by music , which is totally <unk> .
It 's because of what happened in 1776 with my Parents .
Fathers know were , for me , the first activists of anatomy and explain why .
And what they would reject was an anatomic concept , and it would lie to another one that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years .
And , as you all remember , what was going to reject our Founding Parents was the idea of the monarchy , the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth to birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power was coming out of the family 's right to the father and then to the son and so on .
Parents forbid that the idea and replaced it for a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all men are created equal .
They <unk> the game in the game , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common , not differences differences . That was very radical .
And in part , they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system that was happening two things .
It was happening for democracy and at the same time was born .
And it 's very clear , if you look at the history of fathers ' history , that many were very interested in science and the idea of a naturalist world .
They were <unk> from the supernatural explanations , and therefore reject the concept of supernatural power by a vague idea of birth to birth .
They were moving into a naturalist 's concept .
And if you look , for example , the Declaration of Independence , they talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And so a result was passing the idea of anatomical coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us , and it was great .
And what happened next ?
And the women succeeded .
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from <unk> <unk> , who said , `` Am I not a woman ? ''
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , color people who were going to make a coincidence of anatomical difference , and again , succeeded .
We see the same with the Disabilities movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions .
But , attention , I want to keep some divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights to a human .
I do n't want to say that we had to <unk> the anatomy .
I do n't mean that the five-year-old children had to have sex or marry .
There are some anatomical divisions that I think we should be able to maintain .
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are , why keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two <unk> beings at the beginning of this talk .
We have two beings , both <unk> in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before time : June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the contrary , was born : The 1 <unk> was born .
For the only fact of being born three months before Mary are attributed to all the rights , three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for everything , not because he has a different biological age , but he was born after it .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered a man , if I did n't tell them if it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered <unk> of the mandatory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , because it does n't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all the states , for example .
Henry can marry all the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So they still persist meaningful categories that in various ways , and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science went through so much in the field of the anatomy that we have to have to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up science , but at the same time I feel like science gets away .
Where do we go ?
It looks like what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw online somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people are trapped in a rare position .
For example , Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man , you do n't have to have chromosome and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't make tests for people .
But this is also very strange because of the story I told you about at the beginning of the <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in its speech , `` I Have <unk> '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people `` based not on the color of their skin , but the content of their character , '' going beyond the anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do ?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that I should be able to do this for ourselves rights to people , because I have to admit that I know that I know some <unk> <unk> that they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some <unk> that I know can make more informed , smart and mature about their sex relationships that people from 40 I know .
So how do we put the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And one part of me is wondering what if the character of one person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still driving this current of thinking about democracy .
We 've done a good job in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to make a good job in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context as the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted to other men is <unk> to be killed , unless you 're willing to submit to a sex shift , in which case it allows you to live .
We 're not in that situation .
So I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years ago that I had made a couple of years ago , and then they grow his fame .
But when the phone was asked , he was a very <unk> operation , and he told me that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , so I had to do it .
And I said , `` Well , he 's considered political asylum instead of a surgical separation ? ''
The United States offers huge possibilities to people to be who they are without helping change for the sake of the state .
So I think we need to be in your head .
Well , to end , I mean I 've been talking a lot that I 've been talking about .
And I want to think about how democracy would be , or as it might have been , if we had given more involvement in Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical typologies , particularly if you 're thinking about group .
Since years ago , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in looking at sexual difference .
And one of the things that I 've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operate in the world .
And what we know about <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all , but <unk> tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to deal with those who are <unk> inside the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisers that I knew I was interested in , I considered myself a feminist thought , as <unk> made me a strange question .
`` Tell me what women have of feminism . ''
And I thought , `` It 's the stupidest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with getting rid of gender stereotypes , so there 's nothing feminine in feminism .
But the more I 've thought about it , the more I 've thought there 's a little female in feminism .
I mean , there might be something , on average , something different between the female 's brain and the male that makes us more responsive to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , if the Parents were very attentive to find a way to protect people around the state , it 's possible that , of having more Mothers to give more moms to this concept , maybe enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when let 's take democracy beyond anatomy : to think less about the individual body , in terms of identity , and think more about relationships .
So as we try to create a more perfect bond , let 's think about what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work , have the chance to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , we 're far away from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries who do n't have a single city willing to do it .
But the amazing thing about cities is that it 's worth much more than its cost of building .
So easily , we could get it to the world tens , perhaps hundreds of new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they just moved through apartment buildings .
Imagine that half of you who wanted to live in apartments , they were owners , and that the other half still do n't have to do it .
You could try to increase the ability to make the expansion of existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that <unk> is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid discomfort and the distraction of building .
So it would be very difficult to do all those <unk> .
But you could go to a whole new place , build a completely new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place , they would build the construction instead of putting it out .
So I proposed that governments are going to put new zones of large-scale reform to contain cities and gave them a name : cities under charter .
He later learned that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about the challenge of reform .
They knew that every year about 75,000 <unk> would come from their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went by a horrific constitutional crisis .
Over the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> has taken off with a platform in which <unk> reforms and at the same time reconciliation .
He asked him to be his head of cabinet .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error and a huge amount of evidence with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of rules , like those rules that say you ca n't go and bother all the current residents of apartments .
It takes a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes both of technologies as to make progress , and usually are the norms that keep us forward .
In the fall of the 2010 , a friend of Guatemala sent him a link to a TEDTalk .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let 's take this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a hotel conference room .
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York City -- look , land that , in some cases , are worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of a TEDTalk . ''
And the talk was described in very simple terms that a very simple city is a place where it starts with <unk> terrain , a charter that specifies the rules that would be buried there and an option for people to choose whether they want to go or not live under those norms .
So the president of Honduras called me , and told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the path for our country to advance .
He asked me to go to <unk> and talk to me again , and I 'd talk about the four and five of January .
So I 've presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , that I 'm trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very large .
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Just this airport covers over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince the <unk> that to build a new city , you have to start with a site that will measure at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
Everybody <unk> politely .
The public faces were very serious and attentive .
The leader of Congress came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you for your talk , but maybe we could see the video of a TEDTalk . ''
I have this here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essential -- that a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice from a city to the one that could be going to be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away to the North .
And it also would include new options for leaders .
Because leaders of the Honduras for Honduras would need help of aid countries , could benefit from the countries that would help them set up and make the charter rules , so that everyone could trust that the charter will actually be able to get around .
We went and saw a site .
This picture is from there .
It could contemplate a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly after January 19 , they voted in Congress to <unk> her constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that would allow these special regions of development .
In a country that I had just passed through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress to favor of this constitutional amendment <unk> .
All of the parties , all the factions in the society , the whole thing .
By <unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
February 17th , he was approved again on another voting , from 114 to one .
Immediately after the voting , from 21 to 24th of February , a delegation of about 30 <unk> went to the two places in the world that are most interested in engaging in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the Boston center .
Everything you see there was built in four years , after that they spent four years , getting permission .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this , practical , this is the point where we are .
They have a site , and you 're thinking about a site for the second city .
They 're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come , and they would allow the way to operate under an external legal system .
A country has been committed to allowing its Supreme Court to be the ultimate court for this new judicial system .
There are <unk> and builders of cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding .
But the only thing we know that you 've already solved is that they have a good number of people .
There are lots of companies that would want to be installed in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there 's a lot of people who would like to go to live there .
In the world there are 700 million people who say they 'd like to be changed to another place .
There 's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to go back to their family to get a job ; sometimes they 're unmarried mothers who have to earn the money for just eating or buy clothes .
Unfortunately , sometimes there are even kids who are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or build a dozen of them , or a hundred of these around the world ?
What does it look like to think about insisting that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that 's that I live obsessed with costumes .
I love finding , wear , and more recently , photographing and post on my blog suits , colorful and different for each time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All of my clothes is from second hand of <unk> markets and <unk> stores .
Oh , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and in my wallet .
I go to know <unk> people -- usually my money goes to a good cause , and my appearance is unique ; and buy it becomes my personal quest for treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is it my size ?
Am I going to love color ?
cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel that I won .
Going back to my <unk> , I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what brings them to somebody who has all those clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I brought seven inside underwear , and nothing else .
Inside them for exactly one week , it 's all I 've put in my <unk> .
I thought I would be able to find everything else that I 'd like to use after you reach here to Palm Springs .
And because you do n't know me as the woman walking around by TED inside , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you now the sets for this week .
Does n't sound interesting ?
As I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that , believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure to not use new clothes .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You almost always see it phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the set , including the jacket , including 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday , color is energy .
It 's almost physiologically impossible to be wrong , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other happy people .
Tuesday , integration is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
I just know yourself .
If you 're going to tell you about the right people , you wo n't just understand you , you 're also going to tell you .
<unk> : <unk> of the child who are wearing .
Sometimes people tell me that they seem to play their peers , or I remember their little seven years .
I like to <unk> and say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : trust is the key .
If you think you look good at something , it 's pretty sure you 're .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day after day .
But it was n't until the 30 years that I really understood its meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your interior and outside , there 's no look that you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anybody in this audience .
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth for you : The golden <unk> are going with everything .
And finally on Saturday , Developing a personal style of mine is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people were approaching this week just because of what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously all of this wo n't go into my little <unk> .
So before I go home , to Brooklyn , I 'm going to donate everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that we have to leave back certain things .
I do n't need to honor these things , because I do n't need another crazy <unk> suit , colorful and brilliant <unk> , if there 's a little love in my heart and look for me .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide into two parts .
The left side , which is the logical part , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So if you take a scale to measure the strength of each hemisphere , we could design a blueprint of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who is completely logical .
This would be totally intuitive .
So where does your brain take on this scale ?
Some of these ends up by one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , your brain is something like this -- with a great fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that each other exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider one of those people , who just like most other experimental quantum physicists , we need quite a lot of logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need quite intuition to make these experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to play with them and then we see how they react , and then we developed our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
As a matter of intuition that you can have developed with the step of the years is the one that says that one thing can be only one place at the time .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , they developed .
I remember watching a child playing in a parking bar .
It was a little boy and did n't do it very well , it always fell .
But I bet you play with that bar from a parking lot , taught an valuable lesson , and it 's that the big things do n't allow the <unk> , and that stay in a place .
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world unless you be a particle physicist .
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist , because they do n't play with parking lot , play with these little particles .
And when they play with their particles , they discover that they do all sorts of really rare things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , the physics , a few years ago -- you needed from quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit my intuition very well , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes play with them , but not much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody saw a particle .
But they did n't fit to my logical part .
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , then should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why it should n't .
And so I 'd feel so much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object that you can see has been on a quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the little piece of metal I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to zoom in a little bit . It 's just in the center .
And then here we do a big approach to the small metal <unk> .
What we see is a little bit of metal , with a springboard , and that <unk> supported on a platform .
And then I did this almost like the same way you could make a computer chip .
I went to a clean room with a silicon chip , and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this <unk> <unk> <unk> that 's under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a little bit of help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is to be on an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator just , I do all kinds of weird things , but then when other people go up , let me do those things , because I do n't want to bother you , or , actually , frightening .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
The coworkers on inanimate objects are not just people , it 's also the light that goes into it and the wind that goes on the side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
And then we introduced the lights , then we introduced a vacuuming and pulled out all the air , and then we cool it down to a temperature of less than one degree at absolute zero .
Now , when I 'm just on the elevator , the little metal piece is free of acting as it .
So we measured their movements .
We discovered it moved in very strange ways .
Instead of staying perfectly still , it was vibrating . And the way that it was like a breath in this form -- like a bellows that 's expanding and contracts .
And by giving it a smooth drive , we were able to make it <unk> , and that it does n't go back with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is really fantastic .
What does it mean that a <unk> thing and do n't make it at the same time ?
Let 's think about atoms .
In one case , all the trillions of atoms that make that piece of metal are still still and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down .
It 's just in certain points when those are align .
In the rest of the time they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
But it was worth <unk> in a clean room to do this for all those years , because , look at this , the difference on scale between one single atom and that piece of metal is roughly the same than the difference between that little metal and you .
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why do n't you ?
I mean , it 's my logical part that speaks .
So imagine if they were in various places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was embedded in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned out the lights and looked inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in one piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all of the objects on the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are just packed in a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims everything is interconnected .
Well , that 's not that true .
It 's more profound than that , it 's deeper than that .
It 's that those connections , your connections to all the things around you , literally define who you are , and that 's the deep rarity of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something about museums and art to my boss that 's here and allowed me to bring it back .
It took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I promise , with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did .
I think my own story is explaining simply on this slide , and this is the access .
I grew up in India .
I 'm going to get rid of a great education -- I did n't have access to many of these museums and art .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I began to learn a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make reality the desire to make it more accessible by technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
Now , I 'd better show you a demo to tell you a couple of interesting things that we have done from their launch .
So , simply , we 're going to get it .
Look around the museums there .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to go into one of my favorites , to <unk> , the New York art museum .
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple .
We click , and <unk> ! We 're inside the museum .
No matter where you are , Bombay or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You move around and they have fun .
Do you want to navigate the museum ?
We opened up the plane on the top , and just click , we jumped inside .
They 're inside , you want to go at the end of the hallway .
They go forward . That 's going to be <unk> !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't come to the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' from Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the + sign .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all that metadata information .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images we 've captured in what we call the <unk> technology .
So this image , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you really get with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom in around a very simple way .
You see fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , her expression has no price .
But if you really want to go into it .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this seems interesting . ''
I walked in and I discovered that kids were actually playing something .
And I did a little bit , I talked to some people in the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is at hit a <unk> with a stick on a stick on the Carnival .
And apparently it was very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get more deep , and you 'll see that you can actually reach the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to pull the image out , so you really see what there is .
Here 's where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is for coming , a second .
So now we 're going to quickly jump back at MoMA in New York City .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find detail .
But what if you want to see the strokes ?
And if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really does it .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this frame , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is the night <unk> , I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another favorite of my favorite functions .
There 's a lot of things here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely all , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have an mansion , that gives you the same .
You can online to create their own museum , create their own collection from all these images .
It 's very simple , we went in , -- I 've created this function that I call `` Power of zooming , '' -- we just got to zoom around .
It 's `` The ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all incredible things really do n't come from Google .
No , in my opinion , even come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
Actually , they come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium does justice for their artwork , and that 's represented properly online .
And the big question that they 're doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's all . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon all .
I have something to show you .
Think it 's a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
I 'm going to tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I 'm from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy are growing with this picture on the bedroom of their bedroom , but the reason I 'm showing you this is that has happened something very interesting about Formula 1 in the last two decades .
Now , sometime , if you wanted to win a career for Formula 1 , take a budget and you 'd put it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot were good enough , you won the race .
This is what , in engineering , <unk> real-time control system .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
Now what 's interesting today is that real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're getting computers outdoors .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and detected .
<unk> cities is a big thing .
As a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex of the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be big .
Beyond the cities , all these detections , and they 're going into our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition of <unk> <unk> at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` TEDTalk to me '' to talk to me .
Well , our objects , the environment , start telling us .
In a way , it 's kind of like almost all of the existing atoms in existing sensors , and actuators .
And that 's completely changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment .
In some sense it 's almost like the old <unk> of Michelangelo .
You know , when Michelangelo swallowed the Moses , he says that at the end he took the hammer , and he threw it on the Moses -- actually , you can see a little bit of <unk> dent and said , `` Hey , you know , you 're going to say , `` Hey , you know , you 're going to say , `` You know ,
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts telling us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples -- insisting on the idea of engaging the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer with luck in 2006 .
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember , they play Italy and France , and at the end of the <unk> gave the <unk> .
And anyway , I won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day by looking at activity in the network .
Here 's the city .
You see it in the middle and the <unk> River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
By the afternoon , there are people over here and making calls , moving .
It starts the game : silence .
<unk> of France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> -- people make a quick call and go to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First extra time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , the <unk> .
They win Italy , yeah !
That night all went to celebrate the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day everybody went into the center of the winning team and the prime minister of time .
And then everybody went down .
You see the image of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the Roman time , people will celebrate ; it 's a big party , you can see the summit at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can actually measure the city rate of a way that we could n't have done just a few years ago .
Another quick example of detection : not people , but things we use and consume .
Today we know all about what our objects are .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac , how they assemble .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the garbage on their shift through the system .
So we started with a few volunteers who helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago , tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things , as you can see , things that are in all modes of <unk> .
Then we put them a little chip , a tag , and then we started <unk> .
These are the results of it .
From Seattle .
And after a week .
With this information we realized there are many inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
It 's complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation happening .
But the other thing that we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup we throw away does n't disappear , that there is still somewhere on the planet .
And if the plastic bottle that we drop one day still goes there .
And if we show that to people , then we can promote some change in conduct .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague at MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us a lot more about sensing and many other things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part that we talked about at the beginning , which is push on the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in <unk> .
It all began with a question from the mayor of the city , which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of the use of water in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was : imagine you have a <unk> and valves , valves , <unk> that open and closing .
It 's created like a curtain of water , with pixels of water .
If the pixels can be written in them , it can show patterns , images , images .
And when you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can go , as you see in the image .
We introduced this to the mayor <unk> .
He liked it a lot .
And we set up a commission to design the building at the entrance .
We call it the Digital Water .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no windows and no windows , but when you come up , it opens up so that you can go .
The roof is also covered in water .
And if there 's a little bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , you go down the roof .
Or you can close the building , and all the architecture disappears , like in this case .
That 's always going to be somebody , in the winter , when the roof goes down , someone who was there and said , `` Get the building . ''
No , it 's not that we 've got it demolished , but when it goes down almost all the architecture disappears .
This is how it works .
You look at the people who are going through what happens in .
And here I am trying to do n't get wet when we test the sensors that open water .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the children in <unk> came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that will open to leave you , but a building that kept doing and water holes and you had to jump to not get wet .
( Music noises ) And for us that was very interesting because of architects , engineers , designers , we always think of use that people will give our designs .
But then the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water , and projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine that they could have little helicopters in the air , and that each one had a little pixel in the air that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , that moves with others in sync .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , where what changes is light , not the position of the pixels .
You can play with a different kind .
Imagine that the screen appears at different scales and sizes , different types of resolution .
And then that all of that could a pixels of the pixels in 3D , which you can zoom in , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , going down to form a V , like before .
When the light goes on , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each one of them controlled by a person .
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people , the movement of people and so on and so on .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with Roberto <unk> <unk> of the best ballet dancers of today , the star of New York City and La Scala of <unk> to capture its 3D movements and use them as input to the <unk> .
Here we can see Roberto dancing .
On the left you see the pixels , it capture in different resolutions .
It 's both 3D digitization in real time as it captures movement .
It can break the whole movement .
You can go all the way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and motion , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people to do something and change our <unk> environment as a barn growing as a barn , but with a cloud .
Imagine that we could make all of them just a little bit like a pixel .
And I think what 's remarkable that has happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we 've gone from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , as knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign -- we can go through the digital world , the self-organizing power of the networks , the physical world .
In our case , this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address today 's challenges : think about climate change or CO2 emissions . How will we move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , in a collective form .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles .
And those particles are water , whereas in our cloud , they are pixels .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered the pixels .
You can move around , have different experiences .
You can see from below , it will serve to share the main moments of 2012 and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection with the community .
So it 's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go up , like a new <unk> of London .
You can get into there .
As if it was a new digital <unk> at night , but most importantly , it will be a new experience for anybody who 's going to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than they are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just a few changes in their genes , they could improve memory -- by one more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe you 'd like to be in better form , to be stronger , have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and more confident .
How about living more with good health ?
Or maybe those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Member : Creativity . ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few times , it 's probably the number of creative people present .
That 's really good .
How many of you would pick the memory ?
A few more .
And the physical state ?
A little bit less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe be possible ?
Evolution has been a <unk> issue here at the TED Conference , but I want to give you the look of a doctor on the topic .
The great geneticist of the 20th century , <unk> . <unk> , that also <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense except for the light of Evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution , consider this : is it just about the past , or the future ?
Is the other or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , right at one end , is , of course , the most interested that we 're interested in .
<unk> of a common ancestry with modern chimpanzees , about six or eight million years ago .
In the interval , there 's been perhaps 20 , 25 species of hominids .
Some of them have gone back and back .
We 've been here about <unk> .
It might seem like we 're far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , mostly the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can tap and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , essentially indistinguishable , where it comes out of the pancreas .
And talking about bacteria -- you realize that we all take in the more bacteria that the cells that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , think -- when Antonio Damasio raises the <unk> -- think about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , moist , it 's very welcoming .
And we 're going to provide them all the nutrients that might want without effort to work .
It 's really like a quick way for bacteria with a occasional rush of some rush to the output .
But so on , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help digest essential nutrients , and they protect us from certain diseases .
But what lies in the future ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become something different , perhaps better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony <unk> of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass -- the animal kingdom , as one single and single <unk> -- and human life , a little note of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the fun part of this talk , so I hope you enjoyed it .
When I was just entering college , I had my first kind of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , in the single-celled organisms , every cell just divide and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two cell cells .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things start to change .
It 's going to be in the sex stage .
And something very important : with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of death 's death in the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I was thinking , well , <unk> , <unk> , death by sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time , but with every year that was happening , every time I had more doubts .
I got to understand George Burns 's feelings , who was still acting in Vegas well in their 90s .
And one night someone hits your hotel door .
He opens the door .
In front of him , you find a rather <unk> dancer .
He looks at it , and he says , `` I came for a `` Sex soup . ''
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I chose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working on a different goal to evolution , not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted to make them healthy .
I wanted to get the health in the disease .
I wanted to live more and more healthy .
Evolution is going to happen to the genome to the next generation -- adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are as a reinforcing rockets designed to send the genetic burden on the next level of the orbital level , and then let us drop to the sea .
I think we all would understand the feeling that Woody Allen when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my work .
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily express longevity .
They do n't necessarily pick the bigger or stronger or faster and even smarter .
Evolution favors the <unk> creatures to their environment .
That 's the only test for survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria can survive the heat of the <unk> that would produce , if there were fish there , dry fish in the vacuum , yet they 've managed to make that a welcoming environment .
So what it means , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we go back to thinking about the place of humans in evolution , and in particular , if we look forward , the next phase -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first one is that we do n't go .
We 've reached a kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , in the first place , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and cut out of the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've made this environment fit to us as well as we adapt to him .
And , by the way , we migrated , <unk> , and we 're going to get away so much that it 's no longer possible to have the isolation that evolution happened .
A second possibility is that there is an evolution of traditional , natural kind , dictated by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be : that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation : when as a species , more distant planets are going to exist and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally .
But there 's a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not simply natural -- but <unk> and selected for us as individuals in the decisions we will take .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we do this ?
So we first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more males than women .
It 's not necessarily good for society , but it 's choosing to the individual and family level .
Think of it as well as it could possibly be able to choose not just the sex of their offspring , but in your own body to make the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer 's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes will be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and sued 13 years .
<unk> million dollars .
The next year of the next year , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months in three months .
Today , you can get a whole sequence of three billion base pairs of bases in the human genome at a cost to $ 20,000 and on a week .
Not much of course so much to make the human genome for $ 1,000 and getting more and more to the reach of everyone .
These changes are coming .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us , but they 're going to induce other viruses against other viruses .
Believe it or not there 's an experimental trial in progress with the influenza vaccine in cells from a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine a good thing that comes out of tobacco ?
That 's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine just other two small changes .
Can the cells change your bodies , but if they could change cells from their offspring ?
And if they could change the sperm and eggs , or change the newly <unk> egg , and give your children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminate diabetes , eliminate the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want kids healthier ?
And then , that same same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases will also allow us to adopt <unk> <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings about everything if you were able to bring it to the next generation of the Watson machine ?
Why not have a <unk> muscle faster than allowed us to run faster and further away ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in conditions to pass this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become evolution in the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that normally it could take 100,000 years , and we can go to 1,000 years and maybe within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to have before .
Are we going to use these choices to address a better , more successful , more subjective society ?
Or are we going to make selectively selectively choose that we want for some of us but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more robust and more profitable and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to face .
And most profound of all : are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or worse , and before what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big explosion when you 're at 900 feet tall .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor doing <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds frightening .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk about flight assistants .
So immediately I looked at them , and they said , `` No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already <unk> the plane , and we were n't so far .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
<unk> the motors .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three best words I 've ever heard .
He said , `` <unk> for impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I was able to see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life is finished .
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to make before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get in and did n't , all the fences I wanted to repair , all the experiences I 've wanted to have , and I never had .
While I was thinking about that later , I came up with a phrase , which is , `` Bad wines . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it .
I do n't want to do anything in life .
And that urgency , that purpose , really has changed my life .
So the second thing I learned that day -- and this is while we did the bridge George Washington , which was n't a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel a great deal .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity , and my mistakes , I 've been trying to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also give place to my ego .
And I 'm sorry the time I wasted in things that did n't matter to people that matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends .
And then , as <unk> on that , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels like wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; I 'll be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock goes , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water <unk> .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And while <unk> , I had the feeling of , wow , die not fear .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for that all our lives .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness would be <unk> in a single thought , which is , I just wish one thing .
I wish I could see my kids grow .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And I scream , I cry , like a little girl .
And for me , that was the whole reason to be in the world .
At that point , I understood that the two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent .
For above all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was gave myself a miracle , not to die that day .
And I was gave myself another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and to live in another way .
You 're flying today , challenge you to imagine that the same thing happens in your airplane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how would you change ?
What would you do , they still expect to do because they think they 're going to live forever ?
How do you change your relationships and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents who can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects .
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
And one day he came home after running and said , `` Dad , I 'm sorry in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of the ALS .
Today <unk> has total paralysis .
It can only use your eyes .
His work influenced me .
I have a design firm and animation , so obviously , graffiti is something we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided that we were going to call Tony , <unk> , and their cause .
So I went and met with his brother and father and said , `` Let 's give them this money .
What are you going to do with him ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he can be able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` One second , is n't it that we saw Stephen <unk> is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're a big person , and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These are <unk> devices for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how do they communicate ? ''
Anybody saw the movie `` The <unk> and butterfly '' ?
They communicate in that way -- they 're going with your finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I presented with the only desire to deliver a check and instead of that signed a check that I did n't have the least idea of how I was going to cover .
I committed her brother and his father there at that very moment , `` All right , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to get it back to do your art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who 's so much on your inner ca n't communicate it . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called <unk> Research , which have a technology that allows them to project light on any surface , and then with a laser pointer , you draw about that and record the negative space .
So they go around doing art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , they 're part of a life cycle .
First , they start with sex organs , then with the bad words , after the Bush attacks , and in the end , people start making art .
But there was always a life cycle in their presentations .
And so the journey began .
And about two years later , about a year later , after a lot of organization and a lot to move things on one side to another , we had a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of the insurance companies , and we got a machine so that I could be able to communicate ; a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun -- I call it <unk> because when I 'm talking to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't do it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers around the world all <unk> from the <unk> world to our house .
My wife , the kids and I , we moved to garage and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> took control of the house .
Many of our friends thought we would do something completely stupid , and that when they would have had the frames taken away from walls and their place would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we went to the shipping court ride , my son was part , my dog , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a pair of cheap sunglasses that we buy in the Swiss Venice ride , some of the copper wire and <unk> things and Radio Shack .
We take a <unk> camera , we cut it up , we put it on an LED light , and there 's now a device that 's free , and there 's a device that 's free , we published the software code software just down for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says `` no . ''
There 's no hospital I can say `` no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using only their eyes .
Thank you .
Thanks very much to you . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks , we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the room of another person , and that 's his room .
There was all this <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks programming , all night , Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life , and he 's looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed so I could see .
And we put a projector on a wall of a parking lot of the hospital outside .
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was that we had to bust in the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> the graffiti as well .
At the end of this , he sent us an email , and this was what he said , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been underwater and somebody finally came to <unk> and would get me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In some ways that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a pond .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to make it better and make it faster and robust .
Since then we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've gained many awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money with this .
It all comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were the guy , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then in December , the Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 great inventions of 2010 , and it was really great .
The best of all of this -- and this is what ends up from closing the <unk> is that in April this year in the <unk> of Los Angeles , there 's going to be an exhibition called Art in the <unk> .
And Art in the <unk> is going to have the best <unk> of the urban urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you look at something that 's not possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the computer , the microphone , the microphone , the microphone , the microphone .
Do it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I 've never done anything with eye recognition technology -- I simply recognized something , and I 'm thrilled with wonderful people to make it happen .
And these are the questions that I want you all to do every day when we find something that we feel that we have to do . If it 's not now , when I 'm not , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years now in situations often very difficult and at the same time as dangerous .
I went to jail -- difficult .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Walk in war zones -- difficult and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days to eat just this -- fun at first , something difficult in the middle , very dangerous in the end .
In fact , in a lot of my career , I 've been <unk> in situations in horrible situations with the only goal of dealing with , and look at social issues in ways that really become attractive , interesting , and hopefully analyzing them in a way that would be seen cool and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I was coming here to make a TEDTalk on the world of brands and sponsorship I wanted to do something a little bit differently .
So some of you may have heard that , or not , a couple of weeks I got an ad at <unk> .
I sent some messages on Facebook , some of them on Twitter , offered the rights of my TEDTalk from 2011 .
What I was doing was the following : `` <unk> <unk> <unk> presents : my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's about and content could look at the face , especially if I put it into ridicule you or your company to do it . ''
But said this , it 's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a title in progress , by the way .
So even though I knew that someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you had asked me a year ago , I could n't have to tell you with certainty .
But in the new film that I 'm working on , we tested the world of marketing , of advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've stood in horrible situations over the last few years , but nothing could prepare me , nothing as difficult or as dangerous as you enter the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a movie .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that tries to try from products , marketing and advertising , and that all the film is attributed to <unk> of goods , marketing and advertising .
The movie is going to call `` The biggest ever sold . ''
What happens in `` The largest movie ever sold '' is that everything from up to down , at first end , has brand images , all the time -- from the <unk> that comes before the title , the X brand .
Now this brand , <unk> Zero , the <unk> Center .
These people will fall out of the film , secretly -- forever .
And so the film explores all this idea . ( Michael <unk> : Is it redundant . ) That 's what ? ( MK : It 's redundant . ) So unconsciously , forever ?
I 'm a <unk> . ( MK : I 'm just saying . ) It was more emphasis on .
It was `` A forever . forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of the X brand , but we 're going to make sure you grow all the categories that we could in the film .
Maybe we sell a shoe , and it becomes the most cool shoe that you 've used ...
The most cool car that you 've led to on `` The biggest <unk> you 'd ever sold , '' the best drink you ever had , from `` The biggest <unk> you ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then in addition to showing brands as part of life , making them <unk> the film ? ( MS : Making the film . ) MS : And we actually show the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the whole film is transparency .
You 'll see the whole process in this movie .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , at first end .
And I would love to help you help make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the maximum respect for the audience .
Guy : However , I do n't know how responsive people are going to be .
<unk> : You 've got a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' is very <unk> , but you know how it 's going to resonate ? ( MS : How much money does it take to do this ? ''
MS : A million and a half a million . ( DC : All right . ) John Kamen : I think it 's going to be hard the meeting with them , but it certainly will be worth caring for a couple of brands big .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that the movie comes out , we 'll look at it as a lot of joyful idiots .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most of the answers will be `` not . ''
MS : But will it be hard to sell it , by the film or for me ?
JK : Both things .
MS : ... it means you 're not very optimistic .
So , they help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : All right . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think of which brands .
MS : Yeah .
MK : We have some places where you go . ( MS : Okay . ) So let 's run the camera .
MS : I thought , `` The camera '' meant to have a conversation out of microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know any of your movie . ''
MS : And so it was , one by one , all these companies suddenly disappeared .
None of whom had nothing to do with this movie .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed , and I thought the concept of advertising was present to as many people as possible , to make as many people see it as being possible .
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media , and the separate media scenario , is n't the idea to tell you with that new vehicle that 's going to bring the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , that my idea had a <unk> error and that error was this .
No , no , there was no mistake .
There was no error at all .
This would have been fine .
But the problem is what this image represents .
See , when you look for <unk> images on Google , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your way to roll , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen ; it 's been characterized by the visibility or access access , mostly in business practices -- being the last line maybe the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians ' name , the president , the president , even the CEOs name .
But all of a sudden , when it comes to it , something changes suddenly .
But why ? Well , transparency , fear -- like that weird bear that still continues .
It 's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path .
And it 's also too risky .
What else is a risky thing ?
He took a whole bowl of Cool <unk> .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell them <unk> . ''
We want to tell a story , but tell us <unk> history . ''
See , when I was a kid and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as I used to say , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
There 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
As you see , in this film we wanted to tell the real story .
But with only one company , a agency wanting to help me -- and that 's just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> of many -- I realized I would have to go on my own , I would have to take the proxy and go to companies myself with all my team .
So what I started to realize from a sudden -- and that I started to give me <unk> is that when you start talking to companies , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big films , huge , giant films that make small films , independent films like mine .
And my friends who make films of big Hollywood movies , and they say the reason why their movies have so successful is due to the brands associated with you .
And then my friends who make independent movies say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the movie is called `` The biggest <unk> film . ''
How are we going to look specifically at the movie ?
Every time I 'm getting out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone I can say , `` Are you cool for this interview ? ''
Are you ready ? You see a little bit nervous .
I want to help you get stuck .
Maybe you should get a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And it would offer one of these fabulous <unk> .
Both <unk> <unk> like `` Paradise of paradise '' are going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have so much for man as a woman -- solid , to <unk> , in bar , like it .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a glimpse .
Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's similar to the smallest type of movies that you 've made , and we 're more good at a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that they have other brands .
So doing things like that , you know , to remind people , is why we 're interested in .
MS : What are you going to use to describe about what ?
We 're in white .
KF : That 's a big question .
Woman : Technology .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the <unk> .
Man : We talk about something bold , cool .
I think it 's a great word that really puts this category on positive versus `` combat smell and sweat . ''
It keeps you cool .
How do we stay fresh time ? With better freshness , the more freshness , three times cooler .
Things like that that highlights the benefits .
MS : And that 's a dollar company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the man in the street , to the people like me , to the common <unk> .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Hey , my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Volunteer : revive the 1980s , punk punk unless it is a laundry day .
MS : Okay , what 's the telltale brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : One ) Man : I guess the type of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like a lot of dark colors , many gray things and things like that .
Usually I take accessories like sunglasses , or I like crystals and the same .
Woman : If Dan was a brand , it could be a classic <unk> , ' Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand that I am , I would call casual <unk> .
Woman 2 : In a hippie part , in part <unk> , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the type of pets .
<unk> toys for pets in the country and in the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my little sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because they deliver commodities .
Man 5 : Nation <unk> failed .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be a brand , Tom Tom , but often I 'm going to tell you at the intersection of dark <unk> and <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , somebody who could help me understand what they call the `` brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality personality .
If they were able to do it for them , you could probably do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first photo is a familiar photo .
Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world where you live up , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come out and start in a place and start in my case , and they start in my family , in West Virginia .
So what 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
So how do you relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way to be ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be .
I like different things .
I like weird things . I like weird things .
So , `` Tell me about why . ''
What 's the bicep ? What do you find ?
Why is it important to reset ? What represents red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A bit more of you , which is not who you are .
What other <unk> have you had ?
You do n't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster are you ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A : Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work ) A : Yeah . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to come out of this .
There was very crazy about this .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing that I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , in your brand personality , <unk> Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They were very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox in them .
And I think some companies are only stuck in one of their strong dots or on the other instead of focusing on both .
A lot of companies tend -- and it 's <unk> nature to avoid the things that are not secure ; they avoid fear , those elements , and you 're actually supporting them , and you make something positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are that ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here to Target , Wii , rounds of collaborations <unk> and <unk> .
Now there are playful brands and conscious brands , those things that have gone and come , but a brand <unk> is something quite powerful .
MS : A brand brand . What 's your mark ?
If someone asks you to take your brand identity , your brand personality , what would it be ?
Are you a bottom-up attribute ? You 're somebody who makes blood flow ?
Or are you more good at a descending attribute ?
A little bit more quiet , reserved , conservative ?
Industrial attributes are like being playful to be cool like <unk> , adventurous , bold or bold or bold , or bold , or bold , or bold , profane , profane or mystic , like <unk> .
Or are you more good from dropping descending ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated enough ?
Are you established , traditional and provider , protector ? Can you say to Oprah ?
Are you trustworthy , steady , familiar , reliable , reliable , moral , wiser , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
Over the course of this film , we had more than 500 companies and ascending and descending , who said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , you would n't have control over the final product .
They allowed us to tell the story of the <unk> , and we 've got to tell the story in this movie of how you 're using MRI , to identify the desire centers in the brain as much for commercial marketing as a movie .
We went to San Paulo , where they 've banned the outdoors outdoors .
In the entire city for the last five years there 's no fences , there 's no posters , there 's nothing whatsoever .
And we went to school districts that companies are getting way into schools with liquidity issues in America .
The amazing thing for me is that the projects that I 've had the biggest answer or the ones that I 've been with is those in which I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands did .
<unk> the <unk> , they took away their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with him to create something different , something that 's going to make people think about , that will challenge the way we look at the world .
And how did they go ? They were successful ?
Well , since the movie was released in the Sundance Festival , let 's take a look .
According to the movie , it was released in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film .
This covers only a period of two weeks and half .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not <unk> .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented in other countries yet .
Ultimately , this movie has begun to win momentum .
And it 's not bad because most of the agencies that we 're talking about to give their clients to not be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk , if you take risks , that in those risks there are opportunities .
I think when you get to the people of that , it 's pushing them to failure .
I think that when you train their employees at the cusp of the risk , he 's preparing their entire company to lack rewards .
I feel that what it has to happen to happen is we have to encourage people to take chances .
We have to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can afford .
Ultimately , I think we need to give it to fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
<unk> fear . <unk> risk .
From a <unk> at once , we have to embrace risk .
And ultimately , we have to support transparency .
More than a bit of honesty is going to go a long way .
And said this , with honesty and transparency , all of my talk , `` <unk> Transparency , '' has been introduced by my good friends of <unk> who per capita bought their rights .
<unk> : <unk> big data in big opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> is called the Transparency .
Thank you very much .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , on behalf of transparency , that happened exactly with those dollars ?
MS : It 's a fantastic question .
In my pocket , I have a check at the name of the TED organization , the Sapling Foundation , a check for dollars accountable to me for the TED of the next year .
The idea behind today 's worm is actually very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the <unk> plant plant .
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems .
If we managed to engage these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with <unk> .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're a completely different technology .
But if we were able to put an effective virus from Windows in a laptop using an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , eh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started looking at Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very complex in the part of Windows : the <unk> used multiple vulnerabilities .
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
That struck us , and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stuxnet and saw what happened to this .
So they spent very strange things .
Stuxnet were actually being used as a rat rat that I did n't like our cheese : they wave it , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experimenting with different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , this is a run run .
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working on that place .
If no , Stuxnet did nothing .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It could be , let 's say for example , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Better than <unk> the goal soon .
So we pulled out and we made the code out of the attack , and we discovered that it was <unk> on two digital bombs : a small , big .
We also saw that they were very <unk> armed by people who obviously had all the internal information .
It 's all the points to attack .
You probably even know how much matches the operator .
So you know everything .
And if you 've heard that raise of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you : the payload is very complex .
It 's very much about everything we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this code .
We 're talking about about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like old language .
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code .
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the system functions , because we know what they do .
Then we were looking at <unk> and data structures and try and <unk> with the real world , with potential real world targets .
We need theories about recipients that we could pass or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it 's definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a valuable target , and it 's probably located in Iran , because that 's where most infections has been <unk> .
You do n't find a number of thousands of goals in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant plant , and the <unk> plant plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` <unk> a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants among our clients . ''
I called them , and I went back to an effort to marry their experience with what we find in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
The rotor is that a mobile part in the centrifuge , that black object that you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor they can certainly <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow , and <unk> on an obvious effort to go back to the maintenance engineers , so that they could n't solve this very quickly .
We tried to figure out the big digital <unk> by looking at the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> stands up in that code , you ca n't afford it .
I started looking at scientific literature on how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and each waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And it got better yet .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we find in the attack code ?
A almost identical structure .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had between hands .
So there is no misunderstanding : it was n't .
The results have been from after several weeks of hard work .
That 's usually <unk> on dead ends and we had to start back .
Yet , we found that both digital warheads , and it was a single goal , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and by turning the rotors , and it 's <unk> , and the big <unk> communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating the valves .
In sum , we 're very confident that we 've determined what the recipient is .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We do n't have to worry about other goals being <unk> by Stuxnet .
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw , really struck me .
There is the gray box , and the top is the <unk> .
What this thing is doing is <unk> the values of input values for example , from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with fake input data .
And believe it or not , this false input data is <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in the Hollywood movies where , during theft , the security chamber is feeding <unk> .
Is it great ?
The idea here is obviously not just to get the operators in the fourth of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is to make a digital safety system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could n't act fast .
For example , in a energy plant , when the large vapor turbine is going on , you have to be able to open exhaust exhaust .
Obviously , this ca n't make a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're committed , then you can have bad things .
The plant can explode .
And the workers and the safety system will notice it .
That scares it .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with uranium .
It could also work , for example , in a power plant , or in an automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- as attacker -- to disseminate this burden on a USB key , as we saw in the Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional worms 's conventional worms .
<unk> as possible .
And if you made that , with what <unk> is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the biggest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to face the consequences , and better than we start to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , has been public in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , do you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that the <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is the cyber superpower .
There is one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because otherwise our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that can lead and give you <unk> skills , or another to make users of wheels out and come back and walk .
In `` <unk> <unk> '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
They 're not anything different from something that gets in the morning , gives you a great force , which is also increasing its speed , and help , for example , to handle the balance .
It 's actually the real integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other foreign entities .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started to talk about the American soldier that , on average , has to take over their back a load of 45 pounds , and it 's <unk> to take more equipment .
Obviously , this leads to some major complications -- injuries in the back , in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with a chronic footprint of back .
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to <unk> Human Human <unk> .
Soldier : With the exoskeleton exoskeleton , I can carry 300 kilos on variables around a lot of hours .
Their flexible design , it allows you to grow a lot of crawling and run movements with large agility .
I mean , I want to do , or where I want to go , and then it enhances my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
So it 's a reality .
Let 's go back to the users of wheelchair chairs , about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people , in chairs of wheelchair , around the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talked about something that happens often , very young people , with damage in the spinal cord that when their life starts -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- bumping into a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be its only choice .
We also talk about the population that are older going up very quickly .
His only choice , many times -- by a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been this way for the last 500 years , since the successful emergence , as I must recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
So let me introduce you to the <unk> that is using Amanda <unk> who had an injury in the spinal cord , and as a result could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , I mentioned .
You have some sensors .
It 's completely not invasive on crutches that they send signals to the computer on board , here on the back .
Also here , there are a battery that give the motors on the thighs , and on the knees , and they make it move forward with this soft and very natural walking .

In a fraction of a second , I lost all feeling and everything from the pelvis .
Shortly after , a doctor went into my bedroom in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you 'll never walk away . ''
That happened 19 years ago .
So I stole up to the last bit of hope of my being .
<unk> technology since then has allowed me to learn how to <unk> <unk> costs in <unk> , climbing rocks , and even riding a bicycle .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and all the users of lawn chairs , all of them .
AB : Thank you .
I 've just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton on it , practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And not , it 's not the New <unk> festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet your cousins .
This is the world of wild Bonobos in the rainforests of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , who lived about six million years ago .
Now the chimps are known by their assault .
But unfortunately , we 've made much more emphasis on this in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
While chimpanzees are dominated by large , terrifying guys , the Bonobo society is in charge of females .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence has yet been observed .
But unfortunately , Bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the rainforest <unk> , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has extended for decades and caused almost so many deaths like the First World War .
No wonder that this destruction is also putting in danger the survival of the Bonobo .
<unk> trade and deforestation do not be able to fill and have a stadium with the bonobos , and honestly , we 're not sure about it .
However , on this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laughter hidden in the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them as apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems .
I 'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity , because the Bonobo 's life is more than <unk> <unk> .
In bonobos , like humans , they love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us and for them , the game is fundamental to set up links and encourage tolerance .
With him we learn to trust , and we learn the rules of the game .
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , behaviors of behaviors , diversity of connections .
And when you look at the Bonobo game , you see the evolutionary roots themselves , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you play , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos from the wild .
First , it 's a mechanical ball game , and I do n't talk about soccer .
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of an persecution .
Look what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` It 's wearing the balls . ''
I just think that in this case he loves it , right ?
Yes .
So sexual play is common in bonobos as well as humans .
And this video really is interesting , because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like the <unk> and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But the game is <unk> .
Now , the game is <unk> , it can adopt a lot of ways , some of which are more <unk> , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder will be completed .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with water water .
I think , as she , we sometimes play , and explore the boundaries of our inner worlds and outside .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real freshwater .
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future that we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> <unk> .
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we get to the peak our game capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For human and human beings alike , life is not just cruel and ruthless .
When you look at least appropriate to play , you can be the moments that 's the most urgent thing .
So , fellow primates , let 's accept this gift of evolution and play together while we were giving creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for development of a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> fires as a captain of captain in a <unk> department body .
And in our city , where the volunteers , the highly qualified staff , you have to get to the fire very soon to enter action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer at the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But still there was a race to foot against the other volunteers to get the captain in charge and figure out what was our task .
When I found the captain , I was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were in full night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in my pajamas , barefoot , while his house was on fire .
The other volunteer who had just gotten before me , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain , and he asked him to go inside and save the dog from the owner of your owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> .
There was a lawyer or <unk> of money that , during the rest of his life , I would have to tell people that I walked into a burning building to save a live live just because I won for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to go home .
I need to go up , put up the fire , and bring it to this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I got the stairs , at the end of the hallway , I went to the <unk> firefighters that at that height , and I went to the end of a fire , and I went into the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my load back to the staircase where I met my <unk> and the beautiful dog on the front door .
We get out of the house treasures that he owner , as he was waiting for , her treasure it got much more attention than mine .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the owner of house <unk> by the brave effort to save his house .
The kindness I looked at on the other was somebody had gotten a pair of shoes .
Both of my vocation in my vocation in Robin Hood , as in my vocation as a firefighter I am a <unk> of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of the acts of grace and courage to the individual level .
And you know what I 've learned ?
It all has its importance .
So when I look at this room to people who have achieved , or you 're doing , very remarkable levels of success I 'd like to remind you of this : Do n't wait .
Do n't wait for the first million to make a difference in somebody 's life .
If you have something to give , you 're going to get it right now .
You get food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to influence someone 's life .
So they enter the game . It 's <unk> the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks are built in 1868 with a very simple idea : concrete modules that fit together .
Very quickly , these became the most used construction unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build larger things than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , they came up with this .
It 's called the brick of assembly .
And in a few years , bricks of apoptosis came to all homes .
It 's estimated that you 've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
Quite accessible .
Historically simply adopted the block of concrete , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small plastic unit that would take us from a world of static brick , piled on each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor allows a lot bigger and more complex circuits , a brick at once .
But there 's a main difference : the transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept that , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided that I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronic modules each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all of it is they come together through magnets .
So you ca n't put it wrong .
The bricks has a code of colors .
The green is the output , the blue is the stream , the pink is the input and the orange one is the wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green , and very quickly , you can start making bigger circuits .
A blue with one green is making light .
We can put a button in the middle and we have an regulator .
If we change the button for a pulse module , that 's here , and now we have a <unk> .
We added this timbre to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , <unk> are actually very powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and screw , we 're connecting us to program using very simple gestures .
To make you blink faster or slower , you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower .
The idea behind <unk> is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all interactions in the world , and we want to get ready to use .
And Andrew , sounds , solar panels , engines , everything must be accessible .
We 've given the kids to get them to play with them .
And it 's been an amazing experience .
The best is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how a daylight works , or why the door of an elevator is keeps open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers without experience begin to play with <unk> as a material .
So here you can see , with paper bottles , and felt , we have <unk> .
( metal noise ) A few weeks ago we took <unk> designers from Rhode Island School , who have no experience in engineering , just in cardboard and wood and paper and said , `` Make something .
Here 's an example of a project that you 've done , a <unk> cannon , it turned through motion .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a <unk> made of Play-Doh that has fear of darkness .
Now , for these engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to reach all of us .
So , <unk> has open source .
You can visit the website , download all of the design files and make them back .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators because this world in which we live in , this interaction world , is our .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my little company is to get involved with the environment to focus on the environment .
The distributed collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmmm . Wait a moment .
It can take a little bit to carry .
We can -- we can continue better to leave the video on one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
Solar technology is ...
Oh , am I going to get the time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple years ago , I launched a initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in a environment that represent almost everything you 're supposed to hate ; we asked them to work on the government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America , and they would be like a <unk> of Peace .
And we got a few members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities .
Instead of getting them the Third World we send them to the wild world .
They made big applications ; they worked with the city employees .
Her task is to show the possibilities of current technology .
I think about it .
It 's a hydrant hydrant hydrant .
Here 's a quote as if I would find a quote , but what it really looks for is that somebody 's to clean it when it 's caught by snow because he knows it 's not very good at turning fires when it 's covered by a meter of snow .
How did it come to help us in this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> members for America .
They were there in February , and at that moment it 's very much last year .
They realized that the city never wiped this fire fire .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that the citizens cleaned with shovels the sidewalks right in front of them .
So he made as any good programmer , developed an app .
It 's a nice application that you can adopt a fire hydrant .
You accept to clean out when it unfolds .
By doing it , you put him a name , in this case he put him back .
If you do n't do it , somebody can make it .
I mean , it has a playful component .
It 's a modest app .
It 's probably the smallest of 21 applications programmed last year .
But it does something that no other technology of the government achieved .
And it goes into viral form .
One responsible for systems in Honolulu in seeing this application realized that I could use it , not for snow , but for citizens to embrace <unk> .
It 's very important to work these Sirens Sirens , but people steals the batteries .
So it asks the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided it would use it to make the citizens <unk> half .
And Chicago just made it out to make people go in to clean up sidewalks when it unfolds .
So now we know about nine cities that plan using it .
And this has been spread without friction , naturally and natural .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you will know that this does n't usually happen .
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool that parents could choose the best public school for their children .
Then they told us that they had done by the normal channels would have taken at least two and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now there 's a project in the judicial power of California that all the way over two billion dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of government .
That 's why an application that is program in a couple of days and it spreads into viral form is a kind of throwing warning to the institution of government .
It suggests the best ways to work , not as private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not as a technological company , but rather like the Internet .
I mean , without restrictions , in the open and generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the government of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institution of an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out we 're very good for collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not only <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
You have n't given up with the government .
They feel a great frustration of that , but they do n't complain , they fix .
And these people know something that we 've lost .
And that 's that if we left side to the feelings of politics , the row in the <unk> -- and all of those other things that they put us crazy , the government is essentially in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together because we can not . ''
Now , many people have abandoned the government .
If you are one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government does .
And because the government ultimately grows from us -- remember , `` We , the people , '' way to think about it will affect the way of producing change .
I did n't know a lot about government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was going to choose people to take charges .
Well , after two years , I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , about <unk> .
This is the <unk> service center and information .
It 's the place that calls the phone calls if you made 311 of in America .
Scott answered this call .
He entered <unk> at the official knowledge base .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , can you open the gates of the house , put it strong music and see if you go ? ''
And it worked . So well by Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an application , web and mobile , called <unk> <unk> .
It 's not <unk> that app .
It was the work of very smart people in the Office of New York City seekers .
One day , this really happened , comes this request : `` <unk> in my bucket of crap . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to leave you ? ''
<unk> <unk> 's dynamic is different .
Scott was talking in person .
In <unk> <unk> , everything is public , so everybody can see this .
In this case , he saw a neighbor .
The next report said , `` I went to the place , I found the bucket of the garbage behind the house .
<unk> ? Yes . lived ? Yes .
I turned the cube . I went home .
Good nights , <unk> sweet . ''
Pretty simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to engineering collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of governance as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to get together and help others .
So , a citizen helped another but here 's the government had a key role .
It connected to two people .
And it might be connected to government services , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than governmental services .
When one neighbor helps another , <unk> communities .
If we call animal control , that costs a lot of money .
An important thing that we have to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but think one is the entrance to the other .
That our entry into the system of government is voting .
How many times have you chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope that the government will destroy our values and destroy our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because the government is like a huge ocean and politics is the <unk> surface layer .
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt is what belongs to us that we 've funded as something that is operating in our against , that other thing , and as a result , we 're losing power .
People believe that politics is sexy .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make bureaucracy sexy .
Because that 's where the true government work occurs .
We need to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That makes the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens who have written a very detailed report of 325 pages in response to the order of the <unk> -- on the financial reform project .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And so we 've resigned ourselves in the government , it 's time to ask us what the world we want to leave with our children .
You have to see the enormous challenges that they have to face .
Do you really believe that we 're going to have to go without solve the institution that can act on behalf of everyone ?
We ca n't stop government , we need it to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to root the function of government , so that it can expand strengthening to civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it 's not so hard to act on <unk> , you just have to articulate the systems in the right way .
The age of age of our members is 28 years , so reluctantly , I 'm a bigger generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we 're all facing , and they 're all going to talk .
They can express your opinions at any time at the same time , and they do .
So when they face the government problem , they do n't care so much to hear their voices .
They 're using your hands .
They put hands on the work to program applications that make the government work better .
And those apps allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a hydrant , taking off weeds , dumping out a garbage cube that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned up those fire hydrants and a lot of people .
But these applications are as a digital statement that we are not only consumers , not only are we government consumers that we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until they do n't raise citizenship .
So I want to ask all of you here , when it comes to the important things that we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or we will also be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is for me a real honor .
I spent most of the time in jails and prisons and death row .
I spent most of my life in marginalized communities , in projects and places where there is a lot of despair .
And I 'll be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I 've noticed in this short time , is that TED has identity .
And the things that are told here has impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it has a sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I mean this because I think identity is really important .
Here we have seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a professor can make a lot of sense , but if you teach them , you can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , <unk> if it 's <unk> , can achieve much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my work .
I learned that from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional house of a African-American family by a matriarch , which was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , he had power .
It was the last word in all sorts of discussion in the family .
She spearheaded many of the <unk> in our home .
He was daughter of people who had been slaves .
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840s .
She was born on the 1880 and his experience with slavery to settle the way the world looked like .
She was hard , but it was also loving .
When I was little , and I looked at it , she was approaching me , and I gave myself a good hug .
I was so hard that I could barely breathe , and I dropped off .
One or two hours later , I would come back to look at him , he was approaching me , and he said , `` You know , you still feel my hug ? ''
And if he said no , he grabs me again , and if I said yes , I kept in peace .
He had this human quality that would always want to be close to it .
The only problem is I had 10 children .
My mother was the youngest of 10 .
Occasionally , when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to capture their time and your attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight , I woke up one morning , I went to the room and there they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first , I thought it was a game .
So he looked at it and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 or 20 minutes , she got up , went through the room , took me out of my hand and said , `` Come on <unk> . The two are going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me out and said , `` You know , let me tell you something , but you ca n't tell anybody . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now I 'm not going . '' And I said , `` Sure . ''
Then I sat down , and he looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching . ''
And he added , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to give me three things , you know . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want you to ask me is that you always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to argue that it 's always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want you to do is that you will always do the right thing , although the right thing is difficult . ''
I thought , and I said , `` Yes , Mama . So I will . ''
Then he finally said , `` The third thing I want you to do is that I never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I will . ''
I grew up in the field , in the South rural . I have a brother a year older and a sister a year .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a <unk> package , I do n't know where he took them , grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest .
We just came up doing the crazy madness .
He took a sip of beer , offered to my sister , she took a little and offered me .
I said , `` No , no , no . You go , but I 'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on .
I 've taken something , your sister also . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me out of me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
And I went back with the force , and he went on , `` Oh , it wo n't be that you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that probably should n't say .
I know this will spread widely .
But I have 52 years , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I 'm not saying this to be an virtue ; I mean by the power that identity has .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others who really do n't see any sense .
We ca n't get them to do things that do n't believe .
I think my grandmother of course believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been in jail during the ban .
My uncles died of age-related diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we should be engaged .
Now , trying to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
Today there 's 2.3 million today .
In the United States , we have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people at parole .
And this massive incarceration , in my view , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor communities or black communities , you find so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of all three black black people in the age of 18 and 30 years is in jail or <unk> .
In urban <unk> all over the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , from 50 to 60 percent of all young color are in jail or freedom parole .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , it 's also about poverty .
In this country , we have a court system that is much better if you 're rich and guilty that if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but wealth that affects the results .
And it seems that we feel very quiet .
The policy of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems our own .
We 're disconnected .
I find it interesting .
We 're looking at our work , some very curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , you would worry about rights forever if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has lost definitely the right to vote .
And if you toss it over the next 10 years , the level of loss of rights will be as high as they were before the law of the right to vote .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where she was sentencing to 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this prison country for children , without possibility to come out .
Now , we 're in process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
Now , in some sense , have you ever wondered that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about another way of how we are in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not trying to decide whether people deserve to die for <unk> crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The American death penalty is defined by error .
In every nine people in executed , it has identified one that is innocent who is <unk> and released from death row .
A rate of error , amazing , an innocent nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation it would never be allowed to fly airplanes if every nine to take off , you would have come from crashing .
But somehow we cut out of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our struggle .
I talk a lot about these things .
I speak about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I talk about slavery .
I talk about terrorism , the time that started at the end of the reconstruction , and that lasted World War II .
We really do n't know a lot about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was a little bit defined by terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
He worried about being bombarded .
The threat of terror was what their lives defined .
Now there are older people who come to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teaches talks , give talks . Let 's talk to the people that stop saying that in our history we deal for the first time with terrorism , after <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say that we grew up with that . ''
The age of terror went on , obviously , with segregation and decades of racial believing it and <unk> .
In this country we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And this is why we have n't understood the meaning of what we 've historically done .
All the time we collide with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs work to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage them with a truth and reconciliation process .
In South Africa , people understood that you could n't overcome the racial segregation without a compromise and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done .
I was in Germany taking conferences penalty .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's well worrying about what you say . ''
<unk> : `` Not death row in Germany .
Now we 'll never be able to have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There is no way that with our story , we can never get into the systematic death of humans .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately put us to run people . ''
It 's going to happen to me .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , do n't do people , especially if they were in their most Jewish majority ?
We could n't tolerate it .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there 's this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If we really do n't care about these issues that are so difficult , positive things and wonderful things are , however , involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . It 's about creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , these realities are <unk> by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , we need to integrate both things .
We talked lately about the need to have more hopeful , more engagement , more dedication to the basic challenges of this complex world .
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the <unk> , which never come to TED .
Think about them , in a way , something that 's inside our own .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are . In spite of being so rational , so committed to intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity , development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from ideas also for the convictions in the heart .
This connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to look not just brilliant and dazzling , but also the dark and the difficult thing .
It 's a large leader , the Long leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe , suffering the oppression , we wanted all kinds of things , but mostly what we needed was hope , orientation for the spirit , a will for being in places of despair and being witnesses . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think , even in communities as TED , it must be engaged .
There 's no disconnect related to technology and design , that allows us to be truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , to exclusion , to inequality , injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we neglect these things .
We go back to them .
I had the great privilege , as a very young lawyer , to meet Rosa Parks .
These women were gathered just to talk .
Occasionally , the <unk> called me , to tell me , `` <unk> , come the Parks lady . We 're going to get together to talk .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I was like , `` Yes lady . I want . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you come ? ''
I said , `` <unk> . ''
So I went and I 'm just listening .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And on one occasion , I was listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Mrs. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , let me tell me that that 's the idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We 're trying to help those who have been doomed suicide .
We try to confront the preconceptions and discrimination in the management of criminal justice .
We 're trying to end up with life sentences , no freedom parole .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in prisons .
We 're trying to end up with massive <unk> . ''
I gave him all my best speech , and when I finished it , he looked at me and said , `` Look , mmm . ''
And he added , `` <unk> exhausted , very exhausted . ''
At that time , Ms. <unk> <unk> , put my finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally , humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and to believe that each of us is higher to the worst thing we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if somebody says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not that it 's a burglar .
Even if someone kills another , it 's not that it 's a killer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in the people who should be respected by law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that although it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very exhilarating , we do n't judge ourselves by our technology , for our designs , not by our intellectual and rational capacity .
By the end of the character of a society , not the way they treat rich , powerful and privileged , but the way they treat the poor , the doomed prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand really profound themes about what we are .
I sometimes feel <unk> . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I make too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my owners in a very important way .
I 've been representing these kids who have been convicted of toughness .
I 'm going to jail and I see my clients at 13 and 14 years old , who have been <unk> for them to be told as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge turn someone into what is n't it ?
The judge as an adult , but I see a child .
One night very late , I was awake thinking -- God , if the judge can become something you 're not , must have magical powers .
Yes , <unk> , judge has magical powers .
You should ask for some of that .
As I was late , I could n't think correctly , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14-year-old customer , a little black , black .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` <unk> for my <unk> black client to be treated as a privileged white for 75 years executive . ''
In the <unk> , I had existed in the accusation , in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line on how in this country there is no ethical , but a lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> <unk> would be a dream , or actually I wrote it ?
To my horror , it was n't only <unk> , but he had sent it to the court .
It took about two months , I had forgotten .
And I finally decided -- Oh my God , I have to go to the court for this stupid case .
I got into the car , and I was truly overwhelmed , blown away .
I went on to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pitiful .
I finally went down from the car . She walks to court .
I was going up the stairs when I met a larger black man ; she was the court superintendent .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He replied , `` You 're a lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I came up and approached .
And I whispered in the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that it was <unk> .
That was deeply connected to me , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audience of audiences .
When I walked into the judge , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this bold <unk> ? ''
I said , `` Oh , I said , `` Yeah , '' and we started to discuss .
People started getting . They were all upset .
I was the one that had written those crazy things .
They got the cops to come up with the policemen of assistants , modeling .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people . They 're all mad because we talked about races , because we talked about poverty , because we talked about inequality .
With the corner of the eye of my eye , I was going to see the uncle who went and came .
He would look out the window and you 're going to hear it to hear all that <unk> .
It kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black , my face of concern , came into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge decreed a break .
During the break , a sheriff 's assistant was interviewing him because he had entered the room .
The assistant <unk> over the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience of audiences ? ''
And the old black guy stood up , looked at the assistant , looked at me and said , `` I went to this audience of hearings to tell this young woman to tell this young man that keeps his view . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very large , but it folds up to justice .
That we ca n't really be truly human beings if we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must bind from brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of the present people who share this , I simply want to tell you to keep your view on the <unk> .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard , and see an obvious desire for the audience , of this community , to help in your purposes , to do something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
BS : There are several opportunities nearby .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> , this spring , which is going to be an effort to make the funding that you spend today on punishment policies .
For example , here in California , you 're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty , over the next five years . A billion dollars .
And in spite of this , 46 percent of the homicide cases in homicide .
56 percent of rapes do n't get to anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to come up with these funds , to make them close to the law , to security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the highest incarceration rate .
What would you say , you know , this is that ?
BS : Actually , the rate of crime has remained relatively stable .
The large growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence .
It 's the wrong war against drugs .
That 's why this dramatic increase in the prison population .
And we let us have the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life chain ; by stealing a bicycle , by small crimes against property , rather than making them define those resources to their victims .
I think we have to do more to help the victims of <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy of punishment does n't do anything for anybody .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for coming to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : <unk> the threats for bin Laden 's death .
<unk> 2 : <unk> in Somalia . <unk> three : The police throws O.C . spray .
<unk> 4 : <unk> <unk> : <unk> <unk> .
Announcer : <unk> . Over seven : 65 .
<unk> 8 : <unk> of tsunami : <unk> 9 : <unk> .
Several <unk> : War of drug War : <unk> .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> end . Egypt . Syria .
Death . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months , they could be over the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the media means they prefer negative news , because our minds pay attention .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of each day , our senses are receiving many more data than probably the brain can process .
And as nothing matters more than to survive , the first stop of all of those data is an ancient snippet of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and records all the information looking for something in the environment that could make harm .
So that 's why a <unk> of stories would look at the negative .
That old press saying , `` If there 's blood , it sells , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices give us negative news to seven days of week , 24 hours a day , no wonder that we 're pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world is going wrong .
But maybe it 's not .
Maybe , instead , what 's really happening is we got <unk> .
Maybe the enormous progress done in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have our good problems : climate change , the shortage of species , water scarcity , and we certainly have them .
As humans , we are very good at <unk> the problems and , in the long , we just finished with them .
Let 's take a look at it in the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , average per capita income , has tripled all over the world .
Child mortality has reduced 10 times .
Also , the cost of food , of electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker I showed us that we are living the most peaceful time of human history .
And Charles understands global literacy is 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we keep giving ourselves higher expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it , today in America , much of the people who live under poverty have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , mobile , mobile air and cars .
The <unk> <unk> of the last century , the <unk> of the planet , I would have ever dreamed of that luxury .
It 's a lot of this technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that we 're going to put in information technology on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the performance of the price in about 12 to 24 months .
So the mobile reason you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper than a supercomputer in the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to look at two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times , in war and peace , in recession and the rise .
It 's the output of quick computers that we used to build faster computers .
It 's not stopping any of the big challenges .
And even though it 's <unk> in one law on the left , it curve goes up .
The growth rate of technology is actually faster and faster .
And on this curve , from Moore 's Law , there 's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we tell today .
The computation in the cloud , that my friends from Autodesk call infinite , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet , synthetic biology , fuel , vaccines and food , digital medicine , nanomaterials and the AI .
I mean , how many of you saw the victory on Watson 's `` Jeopardy ? ''
It was epic .
I looked in the newspapers the best headline than there was .
And I loved this one : `` Watson <unk> to human opponents . ''
`` Jeopardy '' is not an easy game .
It plays the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for all on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We teach these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company or a product or service , which can affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would have <unk> absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create a fancy life for every single day of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that out , which is scarce and abundant .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
I 'll give you an example .
This is a story of Napoleon III in the 1800s .
He 's the guy on the left .
He invited dinner the king of <unk> .
Napoleon ate with covered with silver , and the same Napoleon , with covered in gold .
But the king of <unk> , she ate with covered with aluminum .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it was worth more than gold and platinum .
That 's why the tip of the Washington Northwest to Washington is aluminum .
You see , although aluminum is <unk> percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come like pure metal .
It 's tied for oxygen and <unk> .
But then he got the <unk> and did the aluminum , which is so cheap that we use it as if it was <unk> .
It will give us this analogy to the future .
Let 's think about energy shortage .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed in 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They come to the Earth 16 <unk> of energy every 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , but your accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generation generated by diesel : We saw rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy dropped 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the <unk> of America , solar electricity will cost six cents an hour compared to 15 cents of national average .
And if we have abundance of energy we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the water wars .
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed the Voyager spacecraft into the Earth , in 1990 , after Saturn ?
You 've got a famous picture . How did it call ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent water .
Yes , <unk> percent is saltwater , two percent is ice , and we fought for 0.5 percent of the planet on the planet , but there 's also a hope .
It 's a technology available not in 10 years , but right now .
It comes the nanotechnology , the nanomaterials .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators from the <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , and I 'd like to share with you , your technology called <unk> <unk> is the size of a small fridge .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water to the day of any fresh water source , contaminated water , <unk> by less than two cents a gallon .
The Coke president just thought that I 'm going to make an important test for hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes out right , and I have full confidence in that this will be , Coca-Cola is going to be , Coca-Cola is going to be in <unk> countries on the planet .
So this is a <unk> innovation for this technology today .
And we 've seen it on mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration penetration in the developing world for the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya that the Reagan president does 25 years ago .
And from having a smartphone with Google , it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton did 15 years ago .
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communication that nobody could ever predict .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of dollars <unk> , video HD , images , libraries of books and music , <unk> technology , and <unk> technology , and they 're <unk> , and they lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe I get the best thing to get in health .
Last month , I had the pleasure of announce with the <unk> Foundation -- something called the X <unk> <unk> Prize .
We are challenging the world to combine these technologies into a mobile device that they talk about , and because it has an A.I , you can have the blood of your finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the burden of morbidity is 25 percent , and there are 1.3 percent of health workers .
Now , when this device is going to be a virus of RNA or DNA that does n't recognize , call the top of health and , first of all , avoiding the pandemic happening .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the <unk> billion .
The white lines here are the population .
We just went through the brand of seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , we 'll spend two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds never before you add to the global conversation .
What do these people want ?
What should you have ? What about ?
And instead of an economic collapse , we will have the biggest economic injection in history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And more health care thanks to <unk> , of a better education with the Khan Academy of Academy , and because of the use of 3D impressions and the computer computation will be more productive than ever before .
What can we give us 3,000 billion members of humanity , healthy , productive and productive ?
How about some voices never before ?
What if we give them oppressed , wherever they are , a voice to be heard and be able to act for the first time ?
What about these three billion ?
And if they are contributions that we ca n't predict ?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment , guided by their passion with a clear target , can do extraordinary things ; things that were previously only able to make large corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end with sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that maybe some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how it 's folding .
The folding determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They 've played with this college teachers , each other .
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined in and started to play it .
And it 's been shown that today the pattern recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me an enormous confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to take the great challenges of the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion of the <unk> .
We have the <unk> capital .
And we have three billion different minds that we 're going to get together to work on the solution of the great challenges and do what we should do .
We have an extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> of the starting point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , before I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
Maybe they believed that he named finches , but it was n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as a very `` common . ''
It was grouper .
It was caught up to the 1880 decade .
Now the fish is in the Red Red List .
But we 've heard this story many times , about Galapagos and other places , so that 's nothing special about it .
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they go intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story , it also illustrates another concept : the shift from the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 to study a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and then I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought it could be <unk> .
I burned very much with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't from there .
This is my first exhibition to the sun .
The water was surrounded by palms , and , as you can see , a mangroves .
There was <unk> of about 20 centimeters , the norm of black beard .
And the fishery of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was going on for a good moment , so that he became more than the average in Ghana .
When I went there 27 years later , the number of fish went down to half .
Let 's go to the five inches .
It was a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
I mean , nothing to change , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of fishing in Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s , well , it started in <unk> Europe did many development projects .
The fishing development was imposing the countries that had 100,000 fishermen , we 're going to bring the industrial fishery .
And this boat , quite ugly , called The <unk> 4 .
I went to fishing in it , and we did studies in the south of China 's Sea <unk> , and on the Java Sea .
What we captured was something that we captured was something <unk> .
<unk> , now the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we capture were sponges , other animals that are in the background .
And the majority of the fish are tiny blobs of remains , which are the remains of coral reef .
In short , the bottom of the sea came on the deck , and then was launched .
These images are extraordinary , because the transition is very fast .
In a year , you do a study and then start commercial fishing .
The background happens to be a solid background of soft coral , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . It 's because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
I was still not <unk> .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of debris is what they collect the fishermen every time you go to an area they have never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
And we started the starting point , the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you take this thing out , something like that .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with <unk> .
Every generation will use the early images at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive the loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the baseline of changes .
And ultimately to keep some miserable remains .
And that 's largely what we want to do now .
We want to keep the things that are no longer , or they 're not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are killing animals without knowing what they 've done until some generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before you extinct , it 's rare .
You do n't lose animals abundant .
You lose animal animals .
Even if this is not being perceived as a great loss .
Over time , we focused on large animals , and in a sea synonymous with great fish .
They become rare because we take them .
Over time there are a few fish left , but we think that 's the starting point .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , we do n't know it was different .
In fact , many people , scientists , <unk> that it was very different .
And they will because the evidence presented in a way before it is not the way they would expect to have the evidence .
For example , the anecdote that some of them are , like captain such as a captain , in this area , ca n't be used , or usually do n't use the fishing scientists , because it 's not `` science . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we live in <unk> societies , because they do n't rely on the sources of the past .
So the huge piece of paper that can deliver a protected marine area .
Because with marine protected areas , we really visualize the past .
I 'm going to get the past that people ca n't conceive of because the starting point has run , and it 's extremely low .
That 's for the people who can see a protected marine area , and you can benefit from the vision that gives you to erase their starting point .
And what about people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like people in the West , for example ?
I think the arts and cinema can maybe fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there was gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about how people were moved with the movie -- but I 'm going to talk about the story of <unk> , why do you think about the images ?
Because it raises something that , in a sense , has been lost .
So my recommendation , the only one I 'll give , is Cameron , to do `` Avatar II . ''
Thank you very much .
Hello . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the trends of YouTube trends , and I look at YouTube videos .
It 's true .
So today we 're going to see why videos make viral and how important it has that .
We all want to be stars : celebrities , singers , comedians -- when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the online video today makes any of us or our actions , copper it into a part of our world culture .
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
You go up over 48 hours of video to YouTube for a minute .
And , of those , only a small percentage gets viral , he gets a lot of visits and wins cultural momentum .
How does that happen ?
Three things : <unk> , communities of participation and surprise communities .
Well , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
Oh , my God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this video out of his house in the Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This chart shows the collections of the popularity of last summer .
He was not saying to do a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Mountain Mountain .
I had already published many videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
He was Jimmy Kimmel .
Jimmy Kimmel here was we tweet the video to popularity .
The trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmel are presented to us new and interesting things , and we 'll bring them to a wider public .
RS Black : It 's Friday , Friday . You 've got to start on Friday . Everyone wants a Friday . Everybody wants to get a weekend . And the weekend . <unk> : You 're not thinking that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' <unk> of Black Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
They saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
Like , `` Nice rainbow , '' this video seemed to be popped out of nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , they 're also Friday .
But what happened this day , this Friday one ?
Well , I took it <unk> and a lot of blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from Chicago Science , was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or an trends of trends embrace a point of view and they share it with a broader public , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who shares this great inner joke then starts to talk about that and doing things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
Just in the first seven days , there was a parody for each other days .
Unlike the one-way one-way entertainment of the 20th century , our community engagement is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new with that .
`` Cat Cat '' is a mixed animation with a chord music .
That 's that , that 's all .
This year you saw about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a version of three hours that 's seen four million times .
So even cats saw this video .
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up in the Internet Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made an old version of the old .
And then international .
Suddenly , it came up with a whole community of remix that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all form part .
Because we do n't just enjoy it , we 're participating .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who might have predicted `` differ rainbow '' or Black Black or `` Cat Cat '' ?
What the script might have been written to do that ?
In a world that you go up two days of video a minute , just the unique , unexpected thing can do it , so these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a kind that protest against the tickets to cyclists in New York , I 'll admit I did n't get interested in too much .
Casey <unk> : I would n't have a circular ticket , but often there are obstacles that will prevent you properly by <unk> .
KA : Thank the surprise effect and his humor , Casey <unk> was made five million you saw and understand their idea .
So this approach is worth the whole new thing that we do differently .
And all of this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
The trend creators , the creative communities of participation , completely unexpected , are features of a new type of media , in a new culture , to which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the current celebrities in the world , Justin Bieber , started on YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express your ideas .
Now we 're all a little masters of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , and it 's just the current media , but they 're providing entertainment in the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still assembling .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported by a single life of unity and freedom in his country .
Imagine how the communist come in <unk> , facing the fact that his life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so much time , they were making fun now .
It was silent in silence .
He died broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that have been in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to be <unk> , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat at the dawn of <unk> <unk> into the sea .
My mother , <unk> , was only 18 years old when his father died , and a <unk> marriage and two little girls .
For her , life was meant to a task alone : the escape of his family and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do it .
And after a four-year four years that challenges fiction , a boat was blessed with the sea dressed in the fishing ship .
All the adults knew the risks .
The biggest fear was the pirate and rape and death .
As most adults , my mother had a little bit of poison .
If we were allowed , we 'd take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the steady rate of the engine , the <unk> diving into each wave , and the vast and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the pirates that came several times , but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat , or the engine dying , and not being able to launch for six hours .
But I do remember the lights on the oil platform on the coast of Malaysia , and the young man who collapsed and died , finish the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given by the men on the platform .
No apple had the same flavor .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations giving a new life together .
And we set up in <unk> , and a suburb of a factory class whose population is comprised of immigrants .
Unlike the middle of the middle class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from stores were the rest of the world .
And the snippets of <unk> English fragments being traded between the people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked in farms , then on a car assembly line , working six days , twice a shift .
Yet , I found time to study English and get an IT degree .
We were poor .
All the dollars were assigned , and I established an extra interest in English and mathematics , would n't matter what you should take away , which was usually new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two <unk> pairs for school , one to hide holes in the other .
A school uniform to the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there were weird <unk> and <unk> about the eyes <unk> and some graffiti : `` Come back home . ''
At home , where ?
Something in me is <unk> .
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I would lie in the bed .
My mother was taxed every night , but we were excited about our day and we were hearing the movements of our grandmother in the house .
My mother suffered nightmares , all of the boat .
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares would come up with <unk> power .
She opened up a computer store , then studied to be <unk> and opened another business .
And the women would come from their stories about men who could n't make the transition , angry and <unk> , and kids were stuck in between two worlds .
You looked for subsidies and sponsors .
They created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classic Asian student , relentless with what <unk> myself .
In the other , I was <unk> in poor lives , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many received aid over the years .
And for that work , when I studied my last year of attorney , I was elected the California Australian young one .
And I was hooked on a piece of the puzzle to the other , but its edges did n't fit .
As I was , resident anonymous , I was now , refugee and social activist , invited me to speak on places that I 'd never heard of , and in homes that she would never have imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about nothing .
I wanted to retreat into routines and comfort in life in a suburb <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother and two wind ending up the day as they did it for nearly 20 years , <unk> on the day of each one and running <unk> , the three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I had now the same age as she had when we get into the boat .
`` No , '' never had been an option .
`` Do it , '' he said , `` You 're not what you 're not . ''
So I talked about <unk> youth and education and <unk> to the marginalized and the poor .
And the more frankly speak , the more I was trying to talk about .
I met all the paths of life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the border of possible .
And even though I ended up , I realized I could n't stay in a career of lawyer .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be a stranger , just a new one , new on the scene -- and not just that it 's okay , but it 's something that I 'll be grateful for , perhaps a gift of the ship .
Because being inside it can easily mean <unk> the horizons , it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province .
I gave the enough steps outside my happy zone to know that , yes , the world breaks down , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that would n't have been <unk> were tremendously .
There was a energy there , an relentless optimism , a weird mix of humility and bravery .
So I followed my intuition .
We put a small group of people who said , `` You ca n't do it '' was a compelling challenge .
For one year we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , I made a giant soup pot that we all shared .
It 's going to be fine at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant ones , and we opened up .
I took the decision to move to America .
And after a single journey .
My hunch again .
Three months later , I had moved , and the adventure continued .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up at a time when the <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who mattered .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother raised alone .
At 17 , he became <unk> of a <unk> whose mother beat him .
Without the support of her husband , it caused an uproar to <unk> and bring the cause , and much more <unk> caused when I won .
He ca n't do it proved to be wrong .
I was in the shower in the room in Sydney when she died , a thousand miles , in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower and saw it stop on the other side .
I knew I had come to let go .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her casket .
We tell stories , and we made sure that we were still with it .
At night , a monk came and told us that I had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise his hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is his hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from tomorrow , '' he said .
`` They have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , it runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed us , we can now see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us .
The defeat would have easily easily .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I ask myself about the boat .
Who might wish that to do that ?
However , I 'm afraid of the privilege of easy , the right .
Can I give you a <unk> in your lives , constantly diving in every wave , the <unk> rate of the engine , the vast horizon that does n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could take it out and see them .
<unk> <unk> , and also the mother 's mother here today , on the fourth or fifth row .
My story starts in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the skies sky , with the Sufi singer <unk> Ali .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the time of the old epic epic `` The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a chariot and <unk> the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when I <unk> , the great Indian warrior warrior , I had thirst , he took a bow and a <unk> on the ground , and I was able to get water .
Now we do the same thing with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion that we got was that the machinery had replaced the magic .
And so I 'm very excited about it .
Every time I felt a little bit more about <unk> .
I would give myself this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a sunset if I did n't have a camera , if I could n't afford my friends .
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic to do not kill .
As a girl , my grandfather gave me his silver silver <unk> .
And this piece of technology for 50 years was for my most magical thing .
It became a <unk> door to a world full of images , of pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the feeling that mobile , luxury clocks and cameras prevent them .
<unk> our inspiration .
And so I launched myself , and I threw myself into this technological world to see how to use magic , instead of killing her .
I 'm <unk> books since the age of 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a narrative device able to connect the readers of the whole world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
Let 's put the text with the image , animation , sound and touch .
It becomes more <unk> .
But what does that do ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive app for iPad .
It says , `` Put your toes on every light . ''
And so -- he says , `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I 'm going to get a character in the book .
In various moments , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live from the GPS -- that 's led to me .
My inner girl gets excited about these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot about magic .
And I do n't mean wizards and dragons , but that 's the magic of childhood , to those ideas that we 're making of children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me .
So here , we have to shift the iPad to get fireflies .
And really , they light up your way into what 's subtraction in the book .
Another idea that I was fascinated by a child was that a little bit of a <unk> galaxy .
So here , every book and every single world becomes a <unk> that I drag into this magical device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In the fantasy book , there have always been maps , but they 've been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you over the rest of the book .
In certain points of the book , it reveals .
Now I 'm going to go in .
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and in contemporary .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard of <unk> and <unk> , but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts , the <unk> ?
These poor <unk> have been trapped in the Indra cameras for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into a contemporary child history .
It 's a story that deals with today 's current crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that kids have been locked up , attached to their PCs , have n't left the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can get our children into the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions in the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or iPad , and collect images of different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections : sticks , rocks and shells and shells .
For some reason the kids do n't do it .
So to get back this childhood ritual , you have to go out and , in chapter , we would get a photo to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of the cortex , and then throw out .
So it 's created a digital collection of pictures that then you can put on the Web .
A boy in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And it 's created this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been gone .
Within the variants of connection between magic , the Earth and technology is a lot of possibilities .
In the next book we 've got an interaction where you come out with the iPad , and the video is on , and it 's going on , and augmented reality , you see a group of cartoons that appear on the inner plants of the house .
At one point , the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and try to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where nature 's forces <unk> with technology and magic and technology will come to another .
We 're going to get the power of the sun .
We 're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and the magic , joy and love and love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why a lot of <unk> projects fail .
And I think , really , the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at <unk> University was <unk> to a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients , family and acquaintances , what happens ?
`` How can we help them ?
And we tend to think , this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of <unk> fail , because we stopped listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scale . It 's very simple .
It 's got a switch on and off .
Every morning I get up .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I connect it , send my data to Google Health .
And my <unk> doctor has access to him as well . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that she needs to need a <unk> or an urgency of that style , but I saw it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
Like some of you know , I 've got over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So every morning I connect to my Wi-Fi Wi-Fi , and before I go up to my car , people start talking to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's pressure of the peers used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients stop smoking .
On the other hand , it can be <unk> to move people from their chairs and together to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From next week , that 's going to be available .
This little <unk> connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people may , from their homes , take your blood pressure , give them your doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients assume a position , they come back to regain control and to be captains of their own boat , but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face , like the firing of <unk> care costs , the <unk> of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And you can do it with techniques like these , but also through crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did I share with you with a video .
We all have checks in the cars .
Maybe we even have them in our phones .
We know perfectly where ATM machines are .
Also where all the <unk> are .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the nearest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get the <unk> saves lives right now .
What we did was do crowdsourcing in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public , which is , if you look at a <unk> , please hold them out where , and when it 's open , because they sometimes open up at times in office schedules and others are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> were already introduced in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we did an app for the iPad .
We created an electrical app , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time you 're in the city of <unk> and somebody 's collapses , you can use your iPhone , and the next weeks to use your cell phone of Microsoft to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to present this one , not just like <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we 'd like to <unk> globally .
We 're talking to all the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , work and act as a center for the crowdsourcing of <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and somebody has a relative or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us verify these <unk> .
You might be messaging services or phone people , for example , to see if the <unk> that 's shown is still in place .
Please help us in this and not just improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here to share <unk> .
Or is it <unk> .
Because of course it 's photographs that ca n't take their cameras .
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15 .
I mixed with my passion before drawing , but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends up when you press the <unk> .
For me , photography had more about being in the right place , at the right time .
It seemed like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start when I press the <unk> .
Some of us like this : a construction on a very <unk> road .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And , despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the time , but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism .
And when I say realism I mean <unk> .
Because , of course , it 's not something that I can afford , but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph .
And so I 'll have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It 's got more to see with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what 's the trick that makes it look real ?
Are the details or the colors ?
Did you take the light ?
What does the illusion create ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive it on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's not really about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the basics are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we took different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
I 'll show you a simple example .
Here 's three <unk> objects imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined , they can create something that still seems three-dimensional ; as if it existed .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So <unk> the brain because the brain is not embracing the fact that that does n't make sense .
And I see the same process by combining the photographs .
It 's really actually combining different realities .
And the things that make a picture seem realistic , I think are those in which we do n't even think of ; the things around us in our daily lives .
But by combining pictures , it 's very important to think about it , because otherwise something looks bad .
So I 'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic outcomes .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , they can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos combined has the same kind of light .
And these two images meet these requirements ; they 've taken the same height and the same kind of light .
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect joint .
It has to be impossible to see where the image was made .
This is another example .
You might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated .
But this image is totally composed of photographs of different places .
Now , I think it 's easier to create a place to find a place to find it because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that have in your head .
But it takes a lot of planning .
And as I thought this idea in the winter I knew I had several months to do it , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing journey .
The shores are a different location .
The <unk> part was captured in a stone pump .
And yes , I even made red light on the top of the island so that it looks more vibrant .
So to make a realistic result , I think we need planning .
It 's always starting with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine different photographs .
And here every piece is very well meant .
If you do a good job when you take the pictures , the result can be very beautiful and in a very realistic time .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'll start by showing you a slide about technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it .
It 's a diagram of mine .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the overall aspect .
This is a analysis that we were doing about the power of <unk> microprocessors in the power of local area networks .
What 's interesting about this is that this , like many other things that we tend to see , is a straight line on a logarithmic scale .
In other words , every step of here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about <unk> technology , <unk> curves .
Here 's something odd .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn on the lights .
<unk> more intensity because writing about paper .
Why do we plot technological curves on scales ?
The answer is that if we draw them on a normal curve , in which , let 's say , these are the years , or some time , and this would be any measure of the technology that I want to chart , the diagram would look something ridiculous .
That would be something like that .
It does n't say much .
But if you go , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , would be very dumb , we would see a straight line .
But what happens is something like this , it gives qualitative change .
If the technology of transportation , as fast as microprocessors , past tomorrow , we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But it 's not moving at that rate .
There 's no precedent in the history of technological development , which every few years advance orders of magnitude .
The question I want to pose is -- looking at these exponential curves , we see that they 're not still forever .
It 's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes .
I 'm going to give you one of two things .
Or it will be a typical curve , I know like this until it comes up something completely different , or maybe it will do something like that .
That 's all that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like that .
So we would be in the middle of a transition .
This line is in a transition from what used to be the world , in a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and ask , is that that 's that new way that uses the world ?
What new state is going on ?
The transition seems very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember a child in the future in 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
We can feel it . We can feel it .
And we know it does n't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different to extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to talk to you about how it might be , how that transition that we experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term .
The time scale in which I 'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth .
I think this image makes sense if we look at every billion years .
So , we go back about two and a half billion years ago when the Earth was a big sterile rock with lots of chemicals that were sending around them .
If we look at the way those chemicals are organized , we give ourselves an idea of how things happened .
And I think there 's theories to start to understand the origin of the origin of RNA . I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that 's that , at the time , I 'd floating some dots of oil with all sorts of chemical recipes inside .
Some of those oil drops held a particular combination of chemicals that made them put out of the outside , and then they grew up growing materials from the outside .
And they started to divide .
In a certain sense , those were the most primitive cell forms , these dots of oil .
But those blobs were not alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random recipe .
And every time they divide to be an unequal distribution of the chemicals that contain it .
So every drop was a little different .
In fact , the droplets that somehow becomes better at the time of bringing the chemicals around them ; they were growing more chemicals and split more .
Mostly they lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemical life , very simple , but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction .
And in some ways we do n't really understand these dots , they 've been storing information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemist called DNA .
In other words , we 're going to get it in this evolution of meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that the script system seems to have remained stable since that evolved a half billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living living is expressed exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have a hundred white dust <unk> that I try to hide people from the airport security .
But it contains -- I took this code -- code has the common letters that we tend to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data on this piece of DNA and <unk> 10 at 22 times .
So if someone wants to 100 million copies of my own personal card , I have a lot for everybody here , in fact , for every person in the world and is here .
If it was a <unk> , he would have put it in a virus , and it would have spread it through the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells to be happy about a billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things became very different , and that was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information in that way of cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , it evolved resistance to antibiotics .
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin , and <unk> them to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and there are many damage to penicillin because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave rise to communities that , in a way , were together on that ; and established a synergy .
That way they survive or failed together , whatever if a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community would get closer and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the turning point happened when these communities came up and decided that in fact they came together , and they decided to write all the recipe from the community together in a chain of DNA .
The next stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage , we have multicellular communities , many different types of cells working together as one organism .
In fact , we are a multi-cellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does n't serve without the heart of the heart , or your brain , or the brain , etc .
So these communities evolved , and they were given more interesting levels of the cell phone , something we call an organism .
The next level happened inside these communities .
These started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that did n't make more than process information in community .
It 's the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process information that these cell communities built .
In fact , they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to record , understanding and convey the information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that moment as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , not the period of evolutionary time .
So , an organism could , for example , learn how to eat some fruit , because he knew badly and got sick at the last time she ate it .
That could happen in the life of one organism , because they had been built these information processing structures that by evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by death of individuals who ate that fruit .
So the fact that the nervous system built these information structures accelerated to an evolutionary process .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time to learn .
But then of course , individuals discovered the communication trick .
So , for example , the most refined version we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an amazing invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea .
I 'm here sitting here emitting some grunting and hopefully building a similar , vague and confused idea in their heads carrying some analogy with me .
But we take something very complicated , we turned it into sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That 's now allowing us to start to work like an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've begun to do abstractions .
We now spend over periods to multicellular organisms ; we spend our methods of record , presentation and information processing .
For example , the invention of language was a small step in that direction .
On telephony , computer tape , video tape , etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much larger , faster and capable of evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You saw the evolutionary evolutionary <unk> of <unk> , where some evolution with the <unk> program , in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the time scales again .
The first stages of the story that told them to take a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system , and the brain , it took about hundreds of millions of years .
The next , and so on , they took less than a million years .
And the next thing , like electronics , seems to take only a few decades .
The process is combined , and I guess it 's the right word to name something that accelerates their own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we see in this explosion of the curve .
We see that the process is combined .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that jobs are would n't be possible without the advancements in recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to engineer in a conventional fashion .
I do n't know that each transistor does in that connections machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers of <unk> <unk> , we think about an abstraction level , we put it on the machine and the machine that makes something that you could before , it 's much further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes they use methods that we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting method , which I 've been using lately , is evolution itself .
We put in the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds .
And , for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please computer , can you run a hundred million instructions at random ?
You could have these random instructions , run all of those programs , and take those things that are more focused on what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
So let 's say I want to tidy numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we found the programs that are more about to <unk> numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them did .
But one , luckily , he could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that make the task ? ''
We 're going to get those and <unk> the rest .
And now I 'm going to ask you the best ones that are best ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> on a refrigerator process to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , that we have children , that <unk> <unk> , and that the children will be able to get the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of programs that had a little bit more successful .
And we say , `` Please do the process . ''
<unk> again .
They 're going to have some mutations .
And it 's trying again and tries to bring it back to another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we end up with programs that are shown absolutely perfect .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't say how they work .
I 've tried to analyze it to see how they work .
These are dark , strangers .
But they 're doing it .
In fact , I know , I have the security of getting the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it .
In fact , their lives depended on that .
I was once going in a 747 with Minsky , and he picks up a card and he says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` <unk> plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> that work together to offer safe flight . Do n't you feel quiet ? ''
We know that engineering processes do n't work very well when they become complicated .
That 's why we started to depend on computers to make new design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than normal engineering produces .
However , we do n't understand all the choices that there are .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs much faster .
Either it is .
The thing gets faster and faster and so I think it seems so confused .
Because all these technologies get fed up .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog of the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular .
We are the amoebas , and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant from our part to think that we are the ultimate product of evolution .
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes .
But now there 's lunch , and I think we 'll stop here before I get bored .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that must change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I 've practiced long enough to let me give up part of my fake prestige that .
Before I treat my talk , let 's talk a little bit about baseball .
Why not ?
We 're near the end , the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
The baseball is filled with amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to go `` The rules '' ; it talks about statistics and use them to form a big baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope that many of you may know .
It 's called <unk> .
And we 're talking about 300 , from a <unk> that <unk> 300 .
That means that <unk> bat did well , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being trapped , and that anybody who 's going to throw it back to the first base , not to come to time , and the second base will be saved .
Three attempts at 10 attempts .
You know what they call a <unk> <unk> in the Great League ?
Well , really good , maybe the team of stars .
You know what they call a <unk> <unk> ?
By the way , that 's somebody from 10 strokes , it hit four .
<unk> -- like the legendary Ted Williams player , the last player in the League Kingdom of <unk> on a regular season .
Now let 's put this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'll tell you today .
Suppose you have appendicitis and they 're derivatives to a surgeon who has also a <unk> record .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose that they live in a place away and a loved being has two clogged heart arteries and his family doctor drift to a cardiologist at <unk> is 200 .
But you know something ?
She 's improving this year .
And their hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you think should be the average of the hits of a heart or an orthopedic surgeon , a nurse or a <unk> <unk> ?
Thank you very well .
And the truth of the matter is that nobody in all medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , a doctor or a medical care .
What we do , however , is sending them into the world , and I included , with the mandate of being perfect .
That never , ever made a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I 'm going to do when I was in medical school .
I was an <unk> student .
Once , a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood test .
Maybe .
It was <unk> in my little <unk> , in the Rwandan Hospital in Toronto , not far away from here .
And I learned everything from memory .
From my kind of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , the branching of every artery that comes out of your aorta , frequent differential diagnosis and not usual .
And I even knew the differential diagnosis on how to classify kidney <unk> .
And meanwhile , more and more knowledge .
And I was very good ; I graduated with Korea .
And let 's get out of the medical school with the impression that if you did everything , then you would know everything , or as possible , close to everything , because that 's how I get rid of the mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met the lady lady .
I was a resident at a university hospital here in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency service where I worked .
At the time I was assigned to the art of cardiology .
And when emergency company requested a cardiologist , I 'll attend to that patient .
And I informed the chief of residents .
When I saw Mrs. <unk> , I was very fast .
I heard a <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which sent me into heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump the blood forward , the blood goes to the lungs , and that 's why there 's a difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did it , and I started working on the treatment I would give .
I gave aspirin and medications to alleviate the pressure on their heart .
I gave him <unk> , the water pills , so I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that 's when I made the first mistake ; he sent her home .
I actually made two mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get up the phone , and I did n't do what I should have done , that I was calling my boss and <unk> with him to see her .
And if my boss would have seen it , it would have been able to bring things together .
Maybe I did it for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident on a constant attention .
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake that I made was worse .
When he sent her home , he was n't paying attention to a voice in my inside that I was saying , `` Goldman , not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so unsure that I asked the nurse who was taking care of the nurse , `` Do you think he 's okay if you go to your house ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think I 'll be fine . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he was signed the high , and the ambulance next to the ambulance brought her home .
And I went back to the hospital room .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , had a bad feeling in the stomach .
But I went on with my job .
At the end of the day , I packed to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was to go home .
I went through the emergency service of the road .
And there 's another nurse , not what I was being cared about before , but another . He told me three words , those three words that most emergency doctors are afraid .
Other specialists fear it as well , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and we see patients <unk> .
The three words are : you remember .
`` Does it remember the patient who sent his house ? ''
I asked the other nurse with total <unk> .
`` Well , she went back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was okay .
But I went back and on the verge of death .
By an hour of an hour of getting to his house , after I gave her the high , he had a collapse and her family called 911 ; the ambulance guys brought them to emergency room with a blood blood pressure , which means a severe shock .
I just barely breathed and was blue .
The emergency staff will run through all of their resources .
They gave medication to raise your blood pressure .
And they put a respirator .
I was a shock and <unk> the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings , because after the <unk> was in intensive care , and I was hoping for all of hope to recover .
And in the two or three days later , it was clear that they never come to .
He had an irreversible brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they would get into what was happening .
And in the ninth day , they let him go . Mrs. <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names they die .
That was my first experience .
And the next few weeks , I 'm thrilled for that and I experienced for the first time the unhealthy shame that exists in our medical culture , and I felt only , isolated , without feeling healthy , because you ca n't afford your colleagues .
You make our peace and never more make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves teaching .
The unhealthy shame that I talk about is that makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did wrong , but we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't by my boss ; he was a charm .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I 'd come up with things , and I made sure I did n't get bored .
And I kept asking those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why sent her home ?
And in my worst moments , why made a stupid mistake ?
Why did we choose medicine ?
Soon that feeling was <unk> .
And I started to feel better .
And in a day cloudy day , he opened up the sky and finally went out the sun , and I wondered if I felt better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if you 're going to bring the efforts to be perfect for not making more mistakes , it will follow those voices .
And so it was .
I went back to work .
It turned back .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency department at a community hospital north of Toronto , and I got a man from 25 years with a pain in your throat .
I was very busy .
And he pointed out here .
I watched her throat , I was a little bit <unk> .
He would burn him and sent him to her house .
But while he ran to the door , he kept pointing out his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my shift in guard , my boss asked to talk to me that he 's in his office .
And I gave the three words : does you remember ?
Do you remember the patient who saw his throat ?
He went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
He had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can look for Google . It 's an infection , not your throat , but the upper air goes , and it can cause the closing of those tracks .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
You 've got antibiotics on it , and it 's recovered and recovered .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , and then went back to me and came back to work , until again and again , and again .
Twice on the same turn of emergency shift , no appendicitis .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because it 's 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , he sent them home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation .
Order an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out normal . A colleague who was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the bottom right quadrant and called the surgeon .
The other patient was a lot of diarrhea .
And I read it to <unk> , and I asked my colleague to look at it .
I went through it , and when you notice some sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner , he called the surgeon .
They were both operated on and they recovered well .
But every case <unk> me , I <unk> myself .
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise and as many colleagues say , it 's a mess .
The most significant ones have been for the last five years .
Only , embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : if I ca n't come back and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find the <unk> that tells me what really happens , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I teach them so that they do n't make the same mistakes ?
If I went into a place like this , I would have no idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard somebody talk about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , in a party you 'll hear about other doctors ' mistakes , but you wo n't hear somebody talk about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues , as well , that a <unk> in my hospital -- my wrong leg , believe me who would have difficulty looking at it .
This is the system we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system that there are two positions : those who make mistakes , and the ones that ca n't sleep , and the ones that have great outcomes and those who have great outcomes .
And it 's almost like a ideological reaction , as antibodies that start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if we do n't look out of medicine to people who make mistakes , we will get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , about diffusion and medical journalism , I 've done a personal study of bad medical litigation and medical errors to learn as possible , from the first article that I wrote for the Middle Star to my program : `` White <unk> , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We worked in a system where mistakes happen every day , in which one in 10 medications <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or delivery is not correct . In a system that hospital-acquired infections are increasingly and more numerous , causing chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 Canadians for preventable medical errors .
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not taking the problem as we should .
And so are things .
A hospitable system , where knowledge will spread up every two or three years , and we wo n't get ourselves .
It 's filled with sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow you to make a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with a chest pain , and he 's got <unk> with eyes , and I 'm breathing in alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story is <unk> to contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always the same .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't pollute their symptoms always in the same way .
For all of this , mistakes are inevitable .
So if we took the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error , well , they wo n't get anybody .
And so people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my show : `` White art , black art , '' it 's already a custom saying , `` This is my worst mistake . '' I would say , `` This is my worst mistake , '' I would say , `` This is my worst mistake , '' blah , blah , blah , blah , `` What are your errors ? '' And they 're going
And his students were <unk> , <unk> , go down your head and suck in saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> can say , `` Look , do n't make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The redefined doctor is human , you know , you accept it , accept it , and not proud of their mistakes , but he tries to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares their experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
Points out the mistakes of other people , not intention of <unk> , but in a loving way of support for everyone to benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes humans are running the system , and when this happens , they make errors occasionally .
My name is Brian Sachs .
I 'm a redefined doctor .
I 'm a human , make mistakes .
And I 'm very sorry , but I strive to learn something that can convey to others .
I do n't know what you think about me , but I can live with that .
And let me conclude with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much we choose in a week ?
I recently made a survey over 2,000 people and the average number of choices that says to pick an American average , it 's about 70 to day .
Not long ago , in a research followed for a week to a group of companies .
Now , the researchers recorded the different tasks we 've got into these executives and the time that we 're going to make decisions with these things .
They found that , on average , <unk> jobs per week .
Naturally , every work included a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only about 12 percent required an hour or more of your time .
Now think about your choices .
Do you know how many people belong to nine minutes , and how many of an hour ?
How do you get the way to apply those decisions ?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choosing to the overload of choices .
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions .
As I talk about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know their answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand just if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your answer is positive please take a lie .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the overload of options overload ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high supermarket -- at least at the time it was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> 's .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There was such as 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar , over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of the bottled water , and this was when we made water out of the faucet .
I loved going to that store , but on one occasion , I asked myself , why never bought anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different classes , including the ones that were in sealed box that came from the millennials .
I once decided to visit the manager , and I said , `` Is this strategy going well to offer all these options ? ''
He pointed out the buses full of tourists that came in every day , usually with their cameras .
We decided to make a little experiment with <unk> .
hallway .
They had different classes .
We put a post for <unk> , just to the entrance to the store .
We put it out of six flavors , or about 24 different flavors , and we looked at two things : First , what could people have been willing to stop trying to test ?
More people stopped when it was 24 ; 60 percent , that when there were only six , 40 percent .
We also looked at what could be more likely to buy a jelly pot .
Here we find the opposite effect .
When they stopped when there was 24 , only three percent came to buy jelly .
When he stood up when he had six , we saw that 30 percent bought jelly .
If we do the calculations , people had six times more likely to buy jelly if they were six .
Well , deciding we do n't buy cuts -- probably , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , you know , it 's probably good to save the <unk> , but it turns out that the overload of the overload of choices are affecting us in very momentous decisions .
We do n't decide , even though this is not going to happen to us .
Now the theme of the day : financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Wei <unk> , where we 're looking at decisions about savings for retirement from about a million Americans from this country .
We were interested in seeing if the number of funding companies available in retirement savings plans , the 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we found that actually there was a correlation .
We had <unk> plans that were going from two to 59 choices .
We found that the bigger the number of funding funds , there were less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that at the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was 70 percent or more , not as high as you would .
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds , the rate of participation declined to the '60s .
It turns out that even if you decide to decide when there 's more options , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for the ones they decided to participate , the bigger the number of options , the more people will be engaged by avoiding actions or investment funds .
As soon as you have more choices , they were more willing to invest in market financial bills .
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we were trying to optimize to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three key consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is that we make the decision , which is that we put it even when it goes against their self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions ; in finance and health .
They 're more likely to pick things less satisfying , even if they 're getting better .
The main reason is that we enjoy looking at that gigantic array of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jelly , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choice from that amazing show .
I want to propose to you today , four simple techniques that we have tried , in a way or another , in different research , so you can test them in their business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard before , but it 's never been more true than today , less than today .
People always bother when I say , `` <unk> . ''
They care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually what we 're seeing more and more is that if you choose to cut , get rid of strange redundant options , there will be a sales increase , we have the costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When I was <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head from Head to 15 , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
Now , when the Cat Golden corporation removed the <unk> products , it 's increased by cats that are less sold , get profit from 87 percent , by two causes : bigger sales and under costs .
You know , the supermarkets of today is offering 45,000 products .
In a Walmart store , you have about 100,000 products .
But the ninth biggest store in the current world is <unk> and offers only <unk> products ; a guy of tomato sauce .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how driving the choices is the question of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All of the employees of Harvard are the kind of kind of kind of <unk> back to a insurance fund .
They really want to choose , they give them 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know , often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask employees , `` Tell me the differences that there are among those options .
And if your employees ca n't tell , they ca n't make their clients . ''
This afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking to Gary .
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience with a vacation with everybody paid to the most beautiful road in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it , and then I want you to take a round of applause if you 're ready to take the offer in Gary .
( few applause ) Any one who 's ready to accept the supply .
Are they not more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew that there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , that in the second one , but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real .
Because the images were made to look more real .
This leads me to the second technique to handle the overload of choices , which is <unk> .
For people to understand the differences of choices , they have to understand the consequences of every choice , and that the consequences must be feeling very vivid , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when you use debit cards or credit card than when you use your credit card ?
Because it does n't look real money .
It turns out to make it look more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , about <unk> <unk> who worked in <unk> , and these people were in a meeting where they were getting into a 401 plan .
At that meeting , we just put out exactly how we used , we did a small addition .
What we added was that we appeal to the staff to think of the positive things that they would think about their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was a rise in 20 percent , and an increase in the number that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts from four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study that we did in a magazine hallway .
We saw that in supermarkets , it 's all over the northeast row over the northeast row , the exhibition show can contain all kinds of different types to <unk> .
But you know ?
Because the classification tells me how to distinguish them .
These are two kinds of jewelry .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll notice .
( few applause ) Well , there are some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> , you 'll notice .
Well , something else .
It turns out that it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But , you know something ?
This classification scheme is totally useless .
The categories must indicate something to you choose , not than defines .
You often see this problem with those huge lists of funding .
I suppose who are informing ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out we can handle a lot more information than we think about , if we just simplified it a little bit .
We need to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's look at a complicated decision ; the purchase of a car .
This is a German German maker of cars that allows them completely .
You have to make 60 decisions , to build the car .
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that offers each other .
<unk> , outside of the car . I have 56 possibilities .
Motor Motor , box changes -- four options .
What I 'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions make .
So half of the clients are going to go out of a lot , 56 colors , a few , four boxes .
The other half of the clients are going to go from a few choices , four boxes , to 56 colors , many choices .
And what am I going to look at ?
How involved you are .
If you would always run the default button on every decision , this tells you that they 're overwhelmed , or it 's : we 're losing them .
We found that the ones that go from lots of choices , push the default button over and over again , and another .
We lose them .
If you go from a few options , you 're going on there .
The same information , the same number of choices .
The only thing I did was disrupt the order in which information is presented .
If we start with the easy thing , you learn to pick .
Although the choice of changes does n't say anything about the preferences of the interior decoration , it 's in all ways you make it up to choose .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building now has more geeks in the process .
So to sum up .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the overload of options overload : <unk> , eliminate strange alternatives ; <unk> , make it real ; we 're able to drive more categories with less choices ; we 're able to promote complexity .
All these techniques that I 've presented to you were designed to help handle the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in their business , or for the people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when I choose .
And the more careful being in our choices can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the '80s , in communist Germany , communist , if you had a typewriter , I should be able to get it to the government .
I had to register a piece of text from an <unk> text leaf .
And so the government could track the origin of the texts .
If they found a script on the wrong message , you could track the footprint up to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't think of somebody who could do this , so much that it will make freedom of expression .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer from any big manufacturer , and print a page , that page will end up having a laser printer on each page that you follow a pattern that makes them their own and a printer .
That 's happening to us today .
And nobody seems to do a lot like this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three main causes of problems in the network .
If you look at what happens in the online world , we can put the attacks on their bombers .
There are three main groups .
They 're the cybercriminals .
Like Mr. <unk> <unk> from the city of Kiev , in Ukraine .
It 's very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There are really a lot of cases of millionaires online , billionaires , that <unk> money with their attacks .
This is cleverly <unk> , from <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , <unk> <unk> and etc. , etc .
These guys do their fortunes online , but they do it for illegal media through banking trojans to steal money from our bills when we buy online , and steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy a computer infected .
The U.S. secret service , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this account had <unk> millions of dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is changed ; they did n't know their stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be victim from a cybercriminal from a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going wrong .
In the future , most of the crimes are going online .
The second group of bombers in importance that we see today is not driven by money .
There 's another thing that moves them , they motivate them the opinions , they motivate them to achieve laughter .
<unk> like Anonymous have been <unk> in the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in online attacks .
Those are the three main bombers : criminals who do it for money , <unk> as Anonymous who makes it to protest and the last group are the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a good example of government attack against their own citizens .
<unk> is a one-way authority authority or , in fact , it was .
<unk> the last fall , because of a <unk> .
They made security of the site and charge a <unk> .
Last week , I asked , in a meeting with Dutch government representatives , asked one of the leaders if they could find out death of people because of the attack on <unk> .
And the answer of him was yes .
So how do people die by a cause of attack ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
<unk> certified .
What do the certificate work ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , services , <unk> services , services like Gmail .
Except to adopt a foreign authority .
And they were going to make a <unk> certified .
And in the case of <unk> , exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , the protesters are fleeing the headquarters for the Egyptian secret police headquarters , in April 2011 , and during the looting of the building , they found a lot of papers .
There was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there was notes from a company based in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools for large-scale <unk> the communications of citizens in the country .
They had sold this tool for 3,000 euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
Or , Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments are also doing this .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found <unk> <unk> -- a <unk> used by government officers to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is intervened .
But today it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
<unk> even tools like the <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with a <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen online online , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like these the obvious answer should be , `` Well , it seems bad , but I do n't really affect it because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's in play .
Privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a question of privacy against safety .
It 's about the freedom against control .
If we could trust our governments today in 2011 , whatever right today , whatever right today is forever .
Is it blindly blindly blindly , in a management that could be within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you have to worry about over the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the southern part of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows from my dad , the background , and behind cows , the National Park of Nairobi .
The National Park of Nairobi has no fences at the largest part of the South , which means wild animals like zebras migrate out of the park .
And predators , like lions , and this is what they do .
It 's <unk> our livestock .
This is one of the ones they killed at night , and so soon we got in the morning and found it dead , I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to <unk> , and so we value it so much .
So I grew up hate a lot to lions .
They were dying are warriors who protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of six lions killed in Nairobi .
I think that 's why there are so few in the National Park of Nairobi .
A child in my community , from six to nine years , is responsible for his father 's cattle , and this was the same thing that happened to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought the lions were afraid of .
But I realized that actually this did n't help , because he even helped the lions to see the pen .
I did n't give . He went .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick lions so they believed that he was near the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and they saw the <unk> , and they were , but the second day , they went back and said , this thing is always moving , it 's always here . So just went and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day , lions did n't come .
I found out that lions are afraid of light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch on that to turn out the lights .
And this is a little lamp from a broken flashlight .
It 's <unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar cell load the battery and the battery <unk> electricity into the small box -- it 's called a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes <unk> light .
As you can see , the <unk> give up the outside , because that 's where lions come from .
And this is how lions see when they come from night .
<unk> lights and <unk> lions to think that I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then we never had trouble with lions .
And the house houses have heard the idea .
One of them is this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals all the animals and asked me if I could put the lights out .
I said yes .
I put them together . You can see the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've set up in seven houses in my community , and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used now for all Kenya , to invite other predators like hyena , leopards , and also being used to break out elephants .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate enough to get a grant from one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> International School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is helping to raise funds and <unk> .
And I even took my friends into my community , and we set up lights in the homes that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them .
So a year ago , it was just a child in the savanna meadows in the savanna of my father , and I used to see airplanes , and I was saying that some day would be inside one .
And today I am .
I got the opportunity to come to the first time at TED .
My great dream is to get to be an engineer of aviation and a pilot when I grow up .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving the cows from my dad and the lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You do n't picture how exciting it is to hear a story like yours .
So you got a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to make a fence . CA : Is it a fence ?
<unk> : I know that electrical fences are invented , but I want to do my own .
CA : You know , I 'm going to get it once , right ? And you -- <unk> : I 've tried it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : On the canyon , Richard <unk> , you 're a big thing .
We 're going to zoom in in every step you give , my friend .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a small , I thought my country was the best of the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud .
At school , we would move all the time studying the story of Kim <unk> 's history , but we never learned much from the rest of the world , except for America , South Korea , Japan are the enemies .
Although I was wondering about the rest of the world , I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven years old , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was n't poor and I was never hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my sister 's colleague .
That he said , `` When you do this , the five members of the family will stop there in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , that we 're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered .
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country .
As soon as I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible that I ca n't erase my memory .
A woman without life was dead on the street , holding a child <unk> in her arms looking at her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
Nobody helped them because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine reaches North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
At the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine and just a few survived eating grass , insects and tree cortex .
They also became more and more frequent <unk> , all around it was completely dark in the night except for the lights of the sea in China , barely crossed the river from my house .
I always wondered why they had light and we did n't .
This is a satellite photo from North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> River , which serves the boundary between North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans to be secretly .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating on the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I went from North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never imagine that I would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was difficult to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea how life is like refugee <unk> .
But soon I learned that it 's not just extremely difficult , but dangerous , because North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to an awful fate back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became true , when I was arrested for the Chinese police and <unk> me on the police station .
Somebody had been accused for being <unk> , so I would give my skills into the Chinese language and ask me a lot of questions .
It was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to explode .
If it did n't be natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to end .
But I managed to control my emotions and answer the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , a official told another , `` This was a fake report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassy .
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and deported .
These women were very lucky .
Though they had captured them , they were eventually released after an international pressure .
These Koreans were not so lucky .
Every year , countless Koreans are caught in China and deported to North Korea , where they 're tortured , convictions or executed in public .
But I was lucky to escape , many other Koreans have n't had so lucky .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive .
Even after learning a new language , and finding work , all its world can make it happen in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hide my identity , I decided I decided to take the South Korea going to Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
I also understood that there was a big gap between North and South .
We are all Koreans , but inside , we 've come to be very different due to 67 years of division .
I even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly there was n't a country I could call my pride .
Even though we had a living in South Korea , it was n't easy , I made a plan . I started studying for the entrance to university .
Just when I was starting to <unk> my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korea authorities <unk> some money that sent my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be displaced to a location outside the outside .
They had to run away from immediately .
So I started planning how to help them escape .
Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and went to the border of North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to mentor them , somehow , for over 3,000 miles across China , and then through Southeast Asia .
The journey in <unk> took a week , and we were almost caught several times .
Once , our bus was arrested and tackled by a Chinese police officer .
He asked all of them , and started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese officer came to my family , I took my feet and I said that they were <unk> people who was accompanying .
I looked at myself , but fortunately he believed me .
We made it all the way to the border .
But I had to spend almost all of my money to bribe the border guards .
But even after the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated for crossing the illegally border .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But the time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of shopping .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did everything to liberate my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in a short prison from the embassy of South Korea .
I was coming up with the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or the voice of a man would ask , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so amazed that a stranger would mind asking .
With my poor English and a dictionary , I told him the situation , and without doubt , the man was the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and two North Koreans and took them out of prison .
I thank her with all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping . ''
`` I 'm helping the village <unk> . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The kind stranger <unk> a new hope for me and for the <unk> people when we needed it .
And I showed that the goodness of strangers and the support of the international community are actually the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But achieve its freedom is only half the battle .
Many Koreans are separated from their families , and when they went to a new country , they start with a little bit or any money .
So we can benefit from the international community with education , the practice of English , work practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because a lot of us still in contact with family still inside , and we send information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 'll see more and more North Koreans in the world , including on the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Center .
This is South Center : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners came together and thought , we 're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else , so they changed it to the South L.A , as if this is what it 's really wrong in the city .
This is Los Angeles . <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Just like <unk> million other Americans , I live in a food desert , the L.A. Center for the South Center for the food places to bring and to eat in the car .
The curious thing is that the food places to take kill more people than food in the car .
People are dying of treatable diseases in Los Angeles .
For example , the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times greater than , say , Beverly Hills , which is like 15 miles away .
I 'll emphasize that this happens .
And I wonder , how would you feel if you do n't have access to healthy food , and if every time they come out of house , you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood ?
I saw lawn chairs and sold and sold as cars .
I 'm looking at dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I think this must stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
Food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
He also got tired of driving 45 minutes back and to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , was to plant a food forest in front of my house .
In a grain of land that we call a gardening .
It 's 45 feet x 3 .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what 's come in wins , because it 's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That 's how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we get together and we started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , nine whole vegetables .
What we do , we 're kind of a paid group that 's been ahead by gardeners of all the backgrounds , all the backgrounds , all of the city and completely voluntary , and all we do is free .
And the garden , I was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city looked at me and basically gave me a <unk> saying that I had to take my garden , the <unk> was made out of court .
And I said , `` Come on , really ?
One criminal order by planting food on a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' So , I was like , `` Well , I 'm going to go . ''
Because this time it was n't going to happen .
And the L.A. Times had written by Steve <unk> , and he talked to the <unk> and one of the members of Green <unk> , who put a petition in Change.org , with 900 signatures , we were successful .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say that they supported and loved what we were doing .
I mean , go , why do n't you ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> land .
It 's 68 miles of <unk> land .
That 's equivalent to 20 Central Parks .
That 's enough space to plant <unk> million tomato plants .
Why on Earth do n't you look like this ?
<unk> a plant will give a thousand , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of a result .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , grow your own food .
<unk> your own food is how to print your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for South Center .
I grew up there . I 'll get my kids out there .
And I was thrilled to be part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> for me by others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I cultivate my art .
As an artist of graffiti , that <unk> walls , I would spread soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , they 're my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the earth can do , if you let it be his canvas .
You simply ca n't imagine how amazing it is , and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I am witness to how my garden became an education tool , a transformation of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of the land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one occasion , which came to a mother and her daughter , were like the 10:30 Stream , and they were in my garden , I went out and look very <unk> .
I , well , man , I felt bad that they were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is in the street for a reason .
I felt shame when I saw people who was so close to me hungry , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , do n't you assume that people are going to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh my God , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
That 's what it is in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but I want you to take your health . ''
There was another time when I put a garden in a <unk> shelter at the center of Los Angeles .
They were these guys , who helped me download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared my stories about how it had affected them , and how they used to plant their mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so it was just for a moment .
So Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 yards .
We 've had , like about 50 people who come in , work and participate , all of them in voluntary plan .
If kids are growing <unk> , kids eat <unk> .
If you grow tomatoes , you 'll eat tomatoes , but if none of this is taught , if you 're not taught how the food affects your mind and your body , they eat blind what they 'll put them in front .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing in which they 're trapped . I see color kids who are in this way designed for them , that it does n't take them anywhere .
With gardening , I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are becoming aware of their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe there 's the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of the earth , we never will .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant this whole block of gardens , where people can share food on the same block .
I want to take some containers and turn them into healthy brown .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is to try and work out to work , get the kids out of the street , who know the joy , pride and honor to cultivate their own food , opening markets from farmers .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everyone to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not a gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
You get them to take your allergies .
That 's their weapon of choice .
In sum , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , do n't call me comfortable in chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some crap -- to talk about making some crap .
If you want to see me , come to the garden with your backhoe so we could plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> noise ) You 'll all agree with me that this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially not in days like today , that it rains .
You can have a lot of water on asphalt that makes a splash .
And especially if you go on your bicycle and these cars go , that 's not very nice .
Also , asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like the Netherlands , very close to cities , we would want a silent road .
The solution for that is to make roads from porous asphalt .
The porous asphalt , a material that we use now on most roads of the Netherlands , has pores , and water can go through it , so the whole water flow water will go through the sides and have a road because it 's easy to drive , and you do n't drink water anymore .
Noise also disappear on these pores .
Because it 's too hollow , all the noise will disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this road is that you can undo .
What 's getting rid of you ? Look at this road , the stones are the stones .
First of a stone , then several more and more and so on , and then -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But you can damage your windshield , and you 're not happy with that .
And finally , this can also lead to more and more damage .
Sometimes they can create potholes with that .
Ah . It 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see how damage comes in this material .
It 's a porous asphalt , as I said , so only has a small amount of <unk> between stones .
Because of the elements , to the ultraviolet light , to oxidation , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , it 's <unk> , and if they 're <unk> , they will become <unk> and separate from the <unk> .
So , if you drive the road , you 'll get the <unk> -- as we saw it here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material up , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool in very small pieces , and we can mix those little bits with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool in it .
Then you need a machine , like what you see here , that you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , is very good at that .
So what you 've got to do is heat up the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow of these <unk> and the stones will melt back to the surface .
Today , I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the great induction machine here on stage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show , that I 'm going to take out to see what happened .
This is the sample that comes out now .
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat up the samples .
We tested a lot of samples there and then the government , they really saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's very interesting . We have to try . ''
So you gave us a piece of road , 400 meters from the <unk> highway , where we had to do a lane of trial to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on the road , and then , of course , this road last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab .
We made the samples , we put those together , we put a lot of load on them , all the benefits then with our induction machine and the whole of them and then tested it .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , to conclude , I can say that we 've made a material using steel fibers , bringing these fibers , using the energy of induction , actually , will increase the lives of the road on the road , they can even double the life of the surface , and they can actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious if this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , you have to cool first before I can show you how repairability acts .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 , I remember I had woken up a morning with the sound of the <unk> in my house .
My father was listening to News on his little gray radio .
He had a great smile on his face that was unusual at those times , because the news is usually <unk> .
`` The Taliban were ! '' `` I screamed at my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he told me .
One morning I 'll never forget .
It 's a real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban ran out of Afghanistan and made illegal than girls were to school .
For the next five years , I was shocked as a child to get my older sister , who could no longer be outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could be educated .
Every day , we made a different route that nobody could be suspicious where we were .
We had to hide the books in shopping bags so that it looks like we were shopping .
The school was in a house , more than 100 of us crowded in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely hot in summer .
We all knew that we would make our lives ; the teacher , the students and our parents .
Occasionally , the school became suddenly closed for a week , because the neighboring Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Were they following ?
Do you know where we live ?
We were <unk> , but still , the school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was <unk> and daughters .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A total <unk> of a remote province of Afghanistan , <unk> that their daughter , my mother , outside of school , and so his father <unk> him .
But my mother educated became a master .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , just to turn our home into school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is the first of his family first to receive education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a major risk on not education .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember when I was very frustrated about our life , and she was always scared and he did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , my daughter , you can lose everything you have in life .
You can steal your money . You can try to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing to always be with you , what 's here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we will .
So you still want to not continue ? ''
I 'm 22 years old today .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of my age have more than high school , and if my family would n't have been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I found myself proud to graduate in <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , who was taken away from her home by the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first ones in <unk> .
He did n't just get rid of my college degree , but also I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , which I carry him on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
It 's in big sleep , but my family has even bigger dreams for <unk> .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador , a global campaign to educate women .
It 's because I cofounded <unk> , the first one , maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country that is still risky for girls to go to school .
The exciting thing is I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity .
And I see her parents and her families who , like mine , <unk> by them , despite the face and even a grim opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and his daughter went from <unk> to his village , and literally got out of being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When he got to his house , they 're the phone , a voice , <unk> , that if he kept sending his daughter to school , they would try .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' said , `` But it does n't hurt the future of my daughter for your old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've found out of Afghanistan , and it 's something that 's often forgotten in the West , is that behind the most of those who <unk> , there 's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
With the Taliban , the girls who went to school was told hundreds of -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find that the Americans see the fragility of changes .
I 'm afraid these changes would n't last long , after the retirement troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look at students at my school and her parents who were going to get out of them , that animate , I see a future <unk> and a lasting change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities , and every day the <unk> girls remember me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi . <unk> him .
But you 'll never go back a revolutionary style . ''
It 's spent almost two years since it broke the <unk> revolution , inspired by the Tunisian <unk> and the Tunisian revolution .
One of the forces with many other citizens <unk> , inside and outside of the country to call a day of rage and starting a revolution against the <unk> of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a great revolution .
Women and young men <unk> were at the forefront , <unk> the fall of the regime , they carried banners with freedom , dignity and social justice .
You 've shown a piece of courage to deal with the brutal dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They 've shown a great sense of solidarity from the <unk> East , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses from about 50,000 dead , we managed to liberate our country and overthrowing our country .
However Gaddafi left a heavy load , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and seeds of disruption .
For four decades , the Serbian regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , culture and moral structure of society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've wanted to , along with many other women , rebuild civil civil society , <unk> a inclusive and fair transition toward democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and with one single enthusiasm , I started to organize workshops about capabilities development and leadership skills .
With an amazing group of women , we founded the planet of Women <unk> by the Peace , a movement of women , leaders , very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> autonomy of women and by our right of participation equal to building democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period , and an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is <unk> out of dominance policies and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
However , slightly , the euphoria of the elections and the revolution as a whole , were disappearing ; every day , we found news news .
One day we woke up with the news of the <unk> of old mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day <unk> with the news of the American ambassador and the attack on <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the official killing of the military .
And every day , every day we woke up with the militia ' government and their full <unk> of the human rights of prisoners and their lack of respect for law .
Our society , made up by a revolutionary mindset , became more <unk> , and has away from the ideals and the principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
intolerance , exclusion , and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here at all today to inspire you with our history of the `` <unk> list '' and the elections .
Now I 'm here today to confess that we , as a nation , we 're choosing the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because elections did n't bring peace , stability and security to Libya .
<unk> , <unk> between candidates and candidates brought peace and reconciliation .
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why is our society on polarized and dominated politics selfish policies and exclusion , both by men like women ?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women , but women 's core values , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the election I needed to do , which only does polarization and divide .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female more than needing the numerical and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and call days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We have to develop a feminine discourse , not only <unk> , but also put mercy for mercy in place of revenge , collaboration instead of competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that a Libya , torn out of war , it needs desperately to end the peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that tries to try and <unk> between female perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before it made it <unk> .
According to a <unk> of the Koran `` <unk> '' -- the peace -- `` is the word of God 's word , [ <unk> , compassionate ] . ''
At the time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all the <unk> traditions , it has the same root in Arabic that the word `` <unk> '' -- a uterus -- and the feminine and maternal , which spans all of humanity that men and women , from which all of the people and all of the peoples have gone through .
And so , just like the uterus completely covers the embryo , that grows inside , the divine matrix of compassion -- it feeds all of the existence .
So it 's like , `` My mercy spans all of the things . ''
So it tells us , `` My mercy is mostly about my anger . ''
That all of you will be given the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you today about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is the ones that everybody does : Why is she left ?
Why would anybody stay with a man who sticks up ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , or domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 years old . I had just been trained at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in the <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first green green man Express , and he had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who I believed my twin soul , was going back to my head with a gun , loaded with <unk> bullets .
The man , which I loved most than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love , where every year millions of women fall , and even some men .
Until the story could be .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> at Harvard University at Harvard and I have an MBA at Harvard Business School .
I 've spent most of my career working on the list of Fortune 500 companies , between them , Johnson , Leo <unk> and The Washington Post .
I 've been doing about 20 years married with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black man and I drive a <unk> <unk> .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can happen to anybody , all races , all the religions , all income levels and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence goes to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
Over 85 percent of the <unk> are men , and domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships , interdependent and long-distance abuse or saying otherwise , in the families , the last place where we would want , or we would expect to find violence , which is why , the domestic abuse , it 's so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world who would stay with a man who was hitting , and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age .
I was 22 years old , and in the United States , the women in between 16 and 24 years have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples , boyfriends and husbands and husbands in the United States .
I also was a typical victim because I knew nothing about domestic violence , his warning signals or their patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold , rainy night in January .
I was sitting on my side to the subway in New York , and he started <unk> me .
He told me two things .
And the first one was that he also had just taken me out of a university school university and worked on a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me in the first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and that seemed like a field guy .
He had some big <unk> as a apples and a dysfunctional hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the smartest things he made <unk> , from the beginning , to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it about everything at the beginning of a pedestal .
We started out , and I loved it all about me : that I was ready , which had gone to Harvard , who would put passion to help teenage girls , and my job .
I wanted to know everything about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as nobody had ever done .
And it was why the degree of that <unk> school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much relevance to him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is <unk> and <unk> the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now , the last thing I wanted to do was I went from New York and to leave my dreams , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together to Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling in a `` crazy love , '' which was entering a physical trap , financial and psychological trap .
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And here 's where those guns come in .
And as soon as we moved to New England , you know , that site where I was supposed to do was to be so sure it was bought three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another guy kept it under the pillow in our bed and the third forever in his pocket .
And he said he needed those guns to cause the trauma that lived a little bit .
I needed them to feel safe .
But those guns were actually a message for me , and I 'd never lifted my hand up , my life was seriously serious , every minute every day .
The first physical attack of <unk> happened five days before our wedding .
They were seven in the morning , and I still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my girlfriend 's wedding suit and married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that I was living happily forever , because I loved it , and he also wanted me so much .
And I was very , very glamorous .
It just had felt very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of a family with me .
He had been an isolated accident , and I never would hurt it .
I spent twice as much as our honey moon .
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and I lost me , and he gave me so loud in the head that <unk> various times against the window of the car .
And then a couple of days later , driving back from our moon moon , they got <unk> in the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face .
He kept on <unk> one or twice a week for the next two and a half of our marriage .
I was scared when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in his life , and the Center for Disease Control , and the Center for Disease Control are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Going back to my question : Why was I left ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know that he was picking me .
On the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a very strong man , and it was the only person in the world that I could help with them to face his demons .
The other question that everybody does is , why do n't you just go ?
Why did n't I go ? I could have gone at any time .
This is the most sad and painful question that people do , because we , the victims , we know something that normally you ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is kill .
More than 70 percent of domestic violence in domestic violence occur after the victim has done end to the relationship , after leaving , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other implications include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has gone back to marry , poorer of financial resources , and manipulation of the family 's system for <unk> to the victim and their children , who are usually forced by judges , not to go to <unk> with the man who <unk> his mother .
And we still keep asking why is it simply not going ?
I was able to go , because of a last <unk> that broke my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if he had allowed it .
So I broke the silence .
I told all the world : to police , to my neighbors , my friends and family , full strangers , and I 'm here today because all of you helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> victims like spooky headlines , women <unk> , damaged goods .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say , `` Your fault is yours to stay , '' as if the victims <unk> <unk> love in love .
But since I posted `` Eat love , '' I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a lesson from what happened to them and to promote their lives joyful and happy lives as women and mothers , completely free lives of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor .
I became marrying a lovely and kind , and we have those three kids .
I have that black hole and also that <unk> .
What I wo n't ever get again , ever , is a charged gun pointing at my head of someone who says it wants me .
Right now , as you 're thinking , `` <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what silly it was ! ''
I assure you there are a few people , which you 're listening to me right now , who are being abused , or they were being abused , or they 're <unk> themselves .
The abuse may be affecting their daughter , her sister , his best friend right now .
I was able to end up with my crazy particular love breaking silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
The abuse will thrive only in silence .
They have the power of domestic violence simply shedding light on it .
The victims we need all over the world .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse to the light talking about it with your children , their coworkers , their friends and family .
They put their vision out of survivors like fantastic and lovely people , who have a full future .
They 're going to take the early signs of violence to intervene consciously , to slow down its climb and show the victims of safe output .
Together we can turn our beds , our tables and our families at the safe and peaceful oasis that should be .
Thank you .
Hello . I call myself Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be accurate , for 10 years .
And I feel that right now , there 's a little bit of an awkward tension in the room because I should n't have a dress in this room , luckily , I 've brought to our clothes .
This is the first change of clothes on a TED stage , so you 're very lucky enough , I think .
If some of the women are getting bored when I come up , you do n't have to tell now , but I 'm going to figure out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
And these heels are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to go through this sweater , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so I do n't do anything while I 'm covering my head .
All right .
Why did I have done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but also surface .
I 've changed totally what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
It was totally uncomfortable , and the photographer said to me that I 'm going to take my back and put my hair up .
Of course , with surgery , or a <unk> artificial <unk> as the one I made myself two days ago for the work , there 's very little that we could do to transform our appearance , which , even the superficial and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , for me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice woman and white , and in my work sector , that 's being a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do , but sincere way .
The first question is , how do you get a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made myself model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm the benefit of an inheritance , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries , we have not only defined beauty and youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we also have been associated with a high and <unk> shape , to womanhood and a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to take out to make money .
And I know there are people in the audience who now show skeptical , and maybe there are some <unk> lovers who say -- Hold on . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Liu .
First of all , we 'll get them to know both models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student from NYU at the University of New York told each and each of the models on the runway , and of the <unk> hired models , just 27 percent , they were not white .
The next question that people always do is : Could it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is : I do n't know , I 'm not taking care of that .
But then what I would really tell each of each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the <unk> of the next Internet , or a poet <unk> and a poet , which would be awesome , because you 'd be the first .
If after this spectacular list , still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be model , then I say , `` Yes , my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of writing for American American magazine or director of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say that you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you 're older .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to show you everything I 've learned in 10 years as a model , because , unlike surgery , it can be summed up right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Unfortunately , once you 've finished your studies , and you have a rsum and some jobs on your back , no matter what you say , I mean , if you want to be president of the United States , but your rsum would say : Model of underwear for 10 years , people would look at you weird .
The next question that people always do is if all of the photos will be completed .
And I know , you know , it 's pretty much <unk> all the photos , but that 's just a little bit of what happens .
This was the first picture they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period .
I know we 're entering personal terrain , but it was a girl .
So he looked at my grandmother , a few months before .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am in a pajama party a few days before the photos for the French <unk> .
Here I am with my football team and in the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll realize that I 'm not me in those pictures .
They 're creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of his <unk> and <unk> people , and they get to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do is : Do things for free ?
I 've got too many <unk> heels and I 'll never use it , but the privilege I get are the ones I get in real life , and that we do n't like to speak .
I grew up in Cambridge , and once I went to a store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the free dress .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a bad driver , and he jumped a red light , and of course , you stood up , and I <unk> an agent , an agent to keep driving .
I love these privilege of these privilege , not for what I am . And there are people paying for a price for their appearance without matter who they are .
I live in New York City , and last year , of the <unk> adolescents who stood up and interviewed , 86 percent were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there are only <unk> young black and Latino people in New York , so for them , is n't a matter of <unk> ?
But how many times ? And when ?
By investigating this talk , I found out that at 53 percent of 13 percent girls in the United States do n't like their body , and that figure goes up to 78 percent to 17 .
So , the last question that people do is , how is life of a model ?
And I think the answer you expect is , if you 're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair , you 're very happy and beautiful .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe it looks like this .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also incredible power to work with creative people , resourceful and passionate .
And all of that is true , but it 's just one part of what happens , because what 's never happens , because what I 've never said in front of them is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about my appearance every day .
And if you 're ever asked , `` With a thinner legs and your hair , '' will be happier ?
They only have to meet with a group of models , because they have the most thin legs , the brightest hair , and it 's probably the most unsafe women on the planet .
But especially it was difficult to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to retain from this talk , I hope that everybody is more comfortable when they recognize the power of the image that we have of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion ever since I was getting older enough to support a camera , but today I want to share with you my 15 pictures , and I did n't go and get them out .
There were no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even a minimum in the lighting .
In fact , most of them took random tourists .
My story begins when I met in New York City to give a <unk> , my wife took me this photo holding my daughter on his first birthday . That 's the corner of the 57 and five .
He had the chance we went back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes now .
When I was approaching the third birthday of my daughter , my wife told me , `` Why do n't you take me off to New York on a <unk> journey and you stick the ritual ? ''
So here is when we started asking the tourists that would happen to make us clear .
It 's amazing that the gesture to deliver the camera to a complete stranger is so universal .
No one has ever refused , and , fortunately , no one has ever come with the camera .
So , we were n't aware of how much life would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This photo is a few weeks after the <unk> , and I had to explain to my daughter , what had happened that day as a five year-old girl could understand .
These pictures are much more than representations of a particular moment or a specific journey .
It 's also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years , and not just to the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , while we always put the same photo , our perspective changes , my daughter reaches new milestones , and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interacting with everything .
That time in concrete that we spend together is something we hope for the entire year .
Recently , in one of the trips , we were walking around , when suddenly it was stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the dolls shop that I loved little in the previous visits .
And I was described to me what was five years old at the same place .
<unk> that reminded of his heart <unk> as a force to see that place for the first time nine years ago .
And now what he looks at in New York is universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So I want to share the idea of actively participating in conscious creation .
I do n't know you , but apart from these 15 pictures , I do n't go out in many of the familiar photos .
I 'm always going to take the picture .
Today , I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture , and I 'm not going to ask you to get closer to someone and ask them : Is it a picture ?
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
<unk> are found in the most threatened birds .
First , why do they have such a bad press ?
It 's also been associated with Disney laughter as well as <unk> characters , stupid , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , you know laughter , applause and <unk> these are the attributes that associated with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament did n't clean the environment . <unk> do n't help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far from extinct . And , my favorite , <unk> have better presence . There are two types of <unk> on this planet .
There are the <unk> of the New World who are primarily found mainly in the Americas , like the <unk> and the <unk> , and the Old World <unk> , where we have 16 species -- of these 16 , 11 face the risk of extinction .
So , why are it important ? First of all , provide life ecological services . <unk> .
It 's our gatherers of natural garbage .
It 's <unk> the bodies up to the bone .
They help kill all of the bacteria , they help absorb anthrax that not to be extended and caused large livestock losses and diseases in other animals .
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no <unk> , the carcasses are three to four times the <unk> , and this has huge ramifications of the spread of disease .
<unk> also have huge importance .
They 've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the Stop , and under Egypt .
On the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of 10 heads <unk> .
In <unk> culture , they 're very important burials to open sky . In places like Tibet , there 's no place to bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these <unk> provide a system of natural eliminating .
What 's the problem with <unk> ?
We have eight species of <unk> in Kenya , which six are at extreme endangered .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason they 're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife . <unk> communities use this poison against predators , and as a consequence , the <unk> are victims of this .
In South Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of <unk> are on the critical critical list of extinction , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , it 's because they fall prey from livestock consumption that has been treated with a <unk> drug like <unk> .
This drug has been banned for veterinarian in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no <unk> , there 's been a spread on the number of street dogs in landfills , and when you have the street dogs , you have a huge bomb bomb , the number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the biggest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them by half .
These are <unk> birds .
In Western Africa , there is a horrible trade of <unk> to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what 's being done ? Well , we 're researching these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology , and see where they go .
We can see that they travel across different countries , so focus on a local problem is not going to serve anything .
We have to work with governments in regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciating <unk> , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide .
How can you help ? It can become active , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and they spend their time to spread the word .
When you go out of this room , I 'm going to tell you about <unk> , but talk to their families , with their children , with their neighbors on the <unk> .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said it changed from opinion , because he saw it flying without effort , no energy spending in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , being much poorer without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Every single thing I make and everything that I do professionally -- my life has been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
1971 from 1971 to 1977 : <unk> young , but I 'm not . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Cote d'Ivoire , Algeria and Somalia , in projects of technical cooperation with African countries .
I worked for Italian NGOs , and every project that we set up in Africa failed .
And I was very disturbed .
I thought , at the age of 21 , that Italians were good people and we were doing good work in Africa .
Instead , everything we played with it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of <unk> , '' was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to growing food .
So , we come up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down towards the <unk> River , and we teach the local people to grow Italian tomatoes and defend it , and ...
Now , of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , so they would tell them to come and work , and sometimes they did n't come . We were astonished that local , so fertile , they had no agriculture .
Yet , instead of asking them how it was possible that we did nothing , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here , '' `` Just for time to save the people from Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , all in Africa was beautifully grown .
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were telling them <unk> , `` Look at how easy agriculture is . ''
When tomatoes were beautiful , mature and red , overnight , at night , about 200 <unk> appeared from the river and ate everything . And we said to <unk> , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? '' `` You never asked . ''
I thought we only Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what Americans did , what the French did , what the French did , and then to see what they were doing , I felt pretty proud about our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed them .
We 're going to see the waste that we 're going to give them to the <unk> of Africa .
She wants to read a book , read `` Arabic '' from <unk> <unk> , economist <unk> .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered to the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused .
Just read your book .
<unk> from an African woman , the damage we 've done .
Westerners are imperialists , Mormon missionaries , and we treat people only in two ways : or we 're treating them , or we 're <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin American root , which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I treat anybody in a different culture , like my kids , `` I want a lot . ''
<unk> , I treat all of a different culture as if they were my servants .
So white in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face . `` The small thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about everything economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , <unk> alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the floor and said , `` Can we imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided by the 27 years just to respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you never start anything , you never motivates anybody , but it becomes a servant of local passion , the servant of the local people who have sleep to become a better person .
So what does you do ? It 's <unk> .
You never get to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from offices .
We met in a coffee . We got together in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give an idea to somebody .
If that person does n't want to do that , what is you going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is most important .
And then we helped them find knowledge , because no one in the world can succeed alone .
The person with the idea may not have knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years ago , I had this idea : Why not we , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , listen to them ? But not community meetings .
I 'll tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never reach , and they 'll never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they have identified .
So planning has this blind point .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know it , because they do n't reach their public meetings .
What do we do ? We worked with one , and we work on face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You have to create a new profession .
The profession is the family doctor of the company , the family family doctor , who sets up with you in your house , at the table of your kitchen , in the coffee table , and helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way of a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , city of Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. in that time , trying to move away from this condescending crap that we came to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects on it , and the government came to me to see , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do it ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very hard .
I fell up and heard it . '' So , the government says , `` Do it again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We have helped start 40,000 business .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs who are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in history , passed away about 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before they get involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> : `` The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative economy . ''
Planning is the kiss of death from the corporate spirit .
So now we 're <unk> reconstructing without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to come into talking to you .
You have to offer them to you , you know , privacy , it has to be fantastic to help them , and then <unk> , they will come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 clients .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
What do you talk about . Have you ever got this morning ?
Now , that 's what you 've got .
So what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneur is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first Industrial Revolution , not renewable , manufacturing -- and one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way of sustaining machines is not sustainable .
What we need to consider , is how we 're going to be <unk> , heal , we educate , we transport , communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable form .
There are no technologies to do it .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ?
The government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that is in a futuristic story , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year including .
And in the year , he wanted to gather this group of people , and I 'm talking about what would happen to New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and they talked , if the population is kept growing at this rate , to move the population from New York around , <unk> six million horses , and dung produced by six million horses would be impossible to address .
They were already eaten by dung . So therefore , in 1860 , they were <unk> , this dirty technology that would bring into New York City .
So what happens ? Over the next 40 years , in 1900 , in the United States , <unk> manufacturing companies , <unk> companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few , <unk> factories in <unk> places .
TM : Michigan . Henry Ford .
Yet there 's a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First , you have to offer them to you .
Otherwise , they wo n't talk to you .
Then you have to offer you an absolute , dedicated service .
And then later , you will have to tell you the truth with it .
The smallest company , the biggest company , has to be able to do three things beautifully : the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic , you have to have fantastic marketing , and you have to count on a great financial administration .
You know what ?
We have never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and look for money alone .
It does n't exist .
This is not yet born .
We 've looked and looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie world , born , Edison , Ford , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , just one : None of it was started by one person .
The word `` I , '' but the word `` us '' 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody begins a company alone . No one .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment sitting on coffee bars , sitting in bars with their comrades who will do for you , what someone did by this gentleman , who 's talking about respect to this epic , somebody who ask you , what needs it ?
What can you do ? Can you do it ?
Well , can you sell ? Can you look for money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like to look for somebody ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
People who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , so we do n't exchange much knowledge in spite of sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came out of questions like , how much pay my neighbors for their apartments ?
How do we attend to borrow more things without calling the door to a bad moment ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand better our landscape ?
How do we share our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant <unk> giants , and <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust a city .
It 's always traded to music . There 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest <unk> properties of the U.S .
I live close to this house and thought about how it could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood , and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost someone who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this made a deep gratitude for me lived in time .
He gave clarity to the meaningful things about my current life .
But let 's try to keep this look in my daily life .
It seems to me that it 's easy to go to catch up the day and forget what 's really important for you .
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard , and he painted about it phrases to complete it , `` Before I die . ''
So despair could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and sharing personal aspirations in public space .
I did n't know what to wait for this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with , and he was still hanging out .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit on the line of date . ''
`` Before I die , I want to sing for millions of people . ''
`` Before you die , I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the network . ''
`` Before I die , I want to take it again . ''
`` Before I die , I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die , I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space turned constructive and the dreams of the people made me laugh at me , and I 'd come off , and they gave me comfort in difficult times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new and <unk> ways . It 's about giving the reflection and contemplation , and to remember what is most important for us as we grow and change .
This happened last year and started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
And so with my colleagues at the civic center we did a kit , and now they 've done walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
Together we showed the power of our public spaces if we give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our era of distraction , it 's more important than ever , to find the ways to conserve perspective and remember that life is short and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we prepare for death is one of those things that we get more power .
If you think about death <unk> our life .
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as community and with more media to share hopes , fears and stories , people around us not only can help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 , and it 's very hot .
It 's not talking , but it causes joy better than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
The sharing unconditionally happens .
It 's not <unk> . You do n't look at the color of the skin .
It does n't care about religious differences and notice this : I 've never lied .
When I sing the songs of our childhood , trying to speak out of words that I did n't even remember , it reminds me of one thing : how little we know about the mind and wonderful that must be the unknown .
Samuel 's 16 years old . It 's very hot .
I 'm going to give you the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but it reminds me of the year when each of the songs came out of my iPod , conversations that we maintained when I was four years old , I was able to pee on my arm during my first episode of <unk> and Lady Gaga Lady .
Is n't it amazing ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because your minds do n't fit into the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what propelled my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , although they do n't consider them inside the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary .
Now , for those less familiar with the term autism term , it 's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication , learning and sometimes to physical skills .
In each individual , it manifests itself in a different way , from there that it will be so different to Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , is diagnosed a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the development disorders that faster increases in the world , there 's no known cause and cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember one day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new one in my life .
When they spent a few months , I realized that he was different .
It would be a lot .
I did n't want to play as the other babies and , in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He was living in her own living , and it took pleasure in his own world , and I found pleasure in the smallest things , like putting the cars in the row around the room , looking at the washing machine and eat anything that there would be somewhere somewhere .
As I grew up , it became more different , and the differences were made more evident .
But beyond them , frustration and hyperactivity , there was something really unique : an pure , pure nature , a child who sees the world without prejudice , a human being that had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there 's been some difficult times in my family , moments where I wish they were just just like me .
But I look back to things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they 're things that I would n't want to change for normal .
Now , normal , normal , the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different does n't mean that some of you are wrong .
It just means that there 's a different view of what is right .
If I could reach one thing to <unk> and Sam and you would be that you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because <unk> or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift -- each one of us has a gift in your inner and honestly , the pursuit of normal is the ultimate sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for the greatness , the progress and the change dies at the time we try to be like others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit what must have been Alice in the Country of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , which gave a kind of communication to engineering students .
She was scared . It 's true of truth . <unk> of these students with their great minds , their great books and his big , unknown words .
But when you develop those conversations , I felt what Alice must have sense when she fell through the rabbit 's rabbit and saw the door of a new world .
I just sat down when I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised the ideas that they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a communication of our scientists and engineers to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environmental and health care , among each other , and if we do n't know , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So scientists and engineers , please , <unk> with <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that your science is sexy and their engineering is attractive .
First question to <unk> , and then what ?
So let 's think of why science is relevant to us .
They 're not just telling us that they 're studying them , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones , because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing your science , care with the jargon .
The lingo is a obstacle to our understanding of their ideas .
Sure , you can say , `` spatial and temporary , '' but why not say `` space and time '' which is much more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same as making them silly .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can communicate clearly their science without engaging the ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , are ways of closed and <unk> with their content .
And when you present her work , forget about the sign of `` bullet . ''
You 've wondered why they call bullets ? What the bullets do ?
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's supporting too much in the language of our brain and causes us .
Instead , this <unk> example of <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible sentence , that the audience can understand if you lose a little bit , and then to give you graphics that will match our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it 's described .
I think these are just some key things that you can help the others open the door and look at the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from the whole Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very well .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest . ''
Although there was an F editor in the 19th century , which defined it much better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that you 're looking at a public charge without matter , platform or principle , and that , when you win , you get it by merely a monumental <unk> monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something to do with words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the foundation in politics , and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliamentary chamber .
And this was all due to the courage of a guy with the freak of <unk> <unk> , who was faced to Parliament .
They put him in the Tower of London and incarcerated it , but he had the enough courage to cope with them , and at the end he had such a popular support in London that won .
And just a few years later , we had the first registered use of the phrase , `` It <unk> <unk> . ''
Most of you think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's a freedom advocate .
But to actually show you how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , right after independence .
So , they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , his leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call the leader of a Republican country ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
It was introduced to all kinds of suggestions that you could have <unk> .
Some wanted to call it `` The Chief of Washington , '' and others , `` His <unk> George Washington , '' and other `` <unk> '' from the American People in the United States .
Not very attractive .
Some of them simply wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was that they were tested .
And not even with it were <unk> , they had the idea that you could be elected King by a certain deadline .
And it could have worked .
Everybody was immensely immensely , because this debate was happening for three weeks .
I read the day of a poor Senator Senator , and I always wrote , `` still with this issue . ''
What caused the delay and the <unk> was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate .
The House of Representatives wanted Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call him King by if he gave him or his successor to ideas .
So , they wanted to give the most modest title , more trivial and <unk> than it happened .
And that title was `` President . ''
President . They did n't invent the title . There was only before , but it only meant `` somebody who 's <unk> a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And I did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman , '' or <unk> .
There were presidents <unk> of small colonial filmmakers and fractions , but it was really a insignificant degree .
And so the Senate was paralyzed .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call it President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign outsiders . ''
`` And who 's serious about a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't make any other .
We can learn three interesting things about this .
First of all , and this is my favorite , and I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never appealed to the title of President .
President Barack Obama 's lucky to keep there , waiting for the Senate between action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary -- it 's possible that we keep waiting for years more .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the President of America does n't sound as modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads available , the world 's largest economy and a fleet of <unk> air fleet and so on .
The reality and history have endowed with the title of <unk> .
So at the end , I won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the appearance of uniqueness , well , it was a singularity .
But do you know how many nations have now president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has 5,000 nuclear heads and so on .
So at the end of the Senate , I won , and the House of Representatives lost , because nobody 's going to feel humble when you tell them that now is the President of <unk> .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and I 'd like to leave you with .
Politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control the reality , but actually actually changes a lot more the words that they could change reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 at feet underground in a illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is loaded with heat and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the darkness , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that speak , but above all , that cacophony of male <unk> and stones played with primitive tools .
Like each other , I 've been wearing a cheap lamp of the <unk> attached to the head with this <unk> rubber stamp , and I can barely distinguish the branches of the branches that hold the walls of a meter that drops hundreds of feet on the ground .
And I got my hand off , and I remember a miner I remember a miner I met days before , who lost the control and dropped countless feet in that well .
While I talk to you today , these men are in the deep hand of that hole in their lives without paying and reward , often dying .
I walked out of that hole and went home , but they may never do it , because they 're prey in slavery .
In the last 28 years I was documenting native cultures in over 70 continents in six continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor of being the only <unk> at the Vancouver Summit .
Among all the amazing people I met there , I met a <unk> , <unk> , an NGO that 's dedicated to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery , and really , I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not such a degree .
When I finished talking to myself , I felt very bad ; I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this atrocity of our days and thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
He made me stand up the stomach and weeks later , I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of <unk> the <unk> ' and offer my help .
So I started my journey to modern slavery .
Interestingly enough , I had been in many of these sites .
Some of them even considered my second home .
But this time , I 'm going to give up the dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice as much as the number of displaced Africans throughout the whole of the <unk> slaves .
150 years ago the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker .
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today .
However , today you can impose entire families for generations for $ 18 .
Amazingly , slavery generates over over 13 billion dollars a year across the world .
Many have been <unk> with false education promises and better work to then discover that they are forced to work without paying , under threat of violence and they ca n't escape .
Today slavery is operating in trade : goods produced by slaves have value , but those are disposable goods .
slavery is almost all over the world , and yet it 's illegal around the world .
In India and Nepal , I met the brick furnaces .
This odd and formidable show was like to go into the ancient Egypt , or it 's the Hell Dante .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , in fact , did , entire families , wrapped up in a heavy cloak of <unk> <unk> in their heads , to 18 at once , and they take them from hot furnaces to trucks that are hundreds of feet .
<unk> for monotony and tiredness work in silence , doing this task over and over 16 hours a day .
There was no breaks to eat , not to drink , and the severe <unk> would make it quite inconsequential .
They were so hot and the dust that my camera turned too hot to touch and stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to <unk> and , sitting there , I thought , my camera receives a much better treatment than these people .
Back in the oven , I wanted to cry , but the <unk> that I was on my side quickly took me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do it . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained very clearly to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer you any direct help .
I could n't give you money , nothing .
I was n't citizenship in that country .
I could put them in a situation worse than they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> and work inside the system for their release and trusted .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my shattered heart .
In the Himalayas , I found kids dragging rocks for miles on mountain land to the trucks that were waiting down .
Those big <unk> were heavier than the kids who carry them and the kids holding them into their heads , made from sticks and strings and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming .
How can we influence something so insidious and so ubiquitous ?
Some of them do n't even know that they are slaves -- and they 're working 16 hours a day without <unk> , because this has been that all his life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> her freedom , they burned them burned into their homes .
When you hear the word slavery often , we think of sexual trafficking , and because of this global awareness they warned me that it would be hard for me to work safely in this particular business .
And in Kathmandu , I was <unk> women who had been previously used to sex .
I was brought in a <unk> stairs that gave this dirty basement to this dirty playground .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for forced prostitution .
They 've got small rooms , private rooms , where the slavery would take with their girls and children , some of as only seven years -- are forced to entertain the clients and they 're going to buy more food and alcohol .
Each position is dark and dirty , identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse to their clients ' hands .
On the dusk , I remember a sense of <unk> <unk> and , in that instant , I could barely imagine what it should be trapped in that hell .
I just had an exit : the stairs where it came in .
There was no doors back .
There was no windows big enough to climb .
These people do n't have <unk> , and because we touch a topic that is so difficult , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , happens to us .
There are hundreds of <unk> people in agriculture , in restaurants , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
The textiles are another activity that often relate to the slave hand .
I went to Indian villages where there were entire families on the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
The black hands of black are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , of his children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and <unk> silk in liquid , but it 's toxic .
My interpreter told me his stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
`` We still hope , however , can come out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslaved in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to take a quick look .
I saw what seemed to be a family of fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some younger kids , make sense , right ?
Wrong . They were all slaves .
Children are separated from their families being separated , missing and forced to work extensively on these boats in the lake , despite not knowing swimming .
This boy is eight years old .
When our boat came up to me , he was shivering ; her little canoe was <unk> .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling water .
The branches of the trees submerged on the lake Volta , often catch networks and children , <unk> and fear , is thrown into the water to unleash the branches .
Many are drown .
Since remember , it 's always been forced to work in the lake .
In fear of his love is not going to run away and , like all life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> is the younger slaves under his command .
I met these guys at five in the morning , when they woke up the last networks , but they 'd been working from the last networks .
It 's in the cold and windy night .
And it would fit out that these networks weigh over 400 kilos when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce Kofi to Kofi .
Kofi became rescued in a village of fishermen .
I met him in a shelter in which the <unk> <unk> <unk> victims .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who will come to be because someone decided to make a difference in their life ?
<unk> on a road in Ghana with partners in <unk> the <unk> , a fellow <unk> with his motorcycle suddenly <unk> and <unk> our car and played the window .
They asked us to get it on a road path to the forest .
At the end of the way , we were going to get out of the car , and he asked the driver to come out quickly .
Then pointed out this path barely visible and said , `` This is the path , this is the path . Come on . Come on . ''
As we began to go down , we took away the <unk> that <unk> the way , and after walking around about an hour , we found that the path was coming up by the recent rains , so I put the pictures of the photos over my head as they 're moving into these waters up to the chest .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> path ended abruptly at a clear , and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all filled with workers enslaved .
A lot of women had tied kids tied to their backs , and as they were looking for gold , they walked into poison waters .
<unk> is used in the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well in another part of Ghana .
When they went out of the pump , they were rooted in their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many had been underground for 72 hours .
The wells have to 90 feet , and these people carry heavy heavy stone bags that then will be transported to another area that we would get the stone to be able to extract the gold .
On the first view , the site seems to be filled with strong , strong men , but , if we look closer down to the margin , we see the other less lucky ones and also children .
They 're all victims of injuries , diseases and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully end up like this victim of tuberculosis and <unk> by mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died , his uncle took him to work with him in the mines .
When his uncle died , he <unk> <unk> the debt of the uncle to be a slave to be a slave .
When I met him , I was working at the 14 years , and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine , so seriously that the doctors said it should be .
In addition to that , <unk> has a tuberculosis , but nonetheless , it 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
Still , he dreams with being liberated and educated with help from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , in the face of a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot .
I want to throw light on slavery .
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world .
I wanted you to know that we will give to each other and that we 're going to make everything possible to help change their lives .
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not magazines . They 're people , real people like me and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that happens that I do n't think about these beautiful , beautiful people that I 've had the great honor to meet .
I hope that these images are getting a force in who you see them , in people like you , and I hope that that turns off a fire , and that that <unk> light on the slavery , because without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I 'm doing math math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We 're going to tell you the ballet <unk> and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later .
But ballet demand is a degree of extraordinary training , a high level of dexterity and probably some kind of initial fitness that may well have a genetic component .
Unfortunately , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , and gradually destroy this extraordinary skill , as he does with my friend <unk> <unk> that , at his time , it was a avid ballet dancer .
In the last few years , it 's made progress on the treatment .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable weakness , tremor , stiffness , other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure progress in objective way , and ultimately , the only way we 'll know if there is really a cure to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> metric .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of movement there 's no biological markers , so they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a neurologic analysis .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that , outside clinical trials , they never do .
And what if patients could do it at home ?
That would save a journey to the clinic , what if the patients could get the exam to themselves ?
It would n't be personnel .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional to try , you see , in a certain sense at least , we 're all virtuous as my friend <unk> <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal chords .
It shows somebody healthy while it 's making sounds when you 're talking , and we can imagine how a ballet dancer of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds , and we all have the genes needed . The <unk> , for example .
And as the ballet , it requires an extraordinary training level .
Let 's think about time it takes a child to learn to speak .
From the sound , we can track the position of the vocal cords as they vibrate , and as well as Parkinson 's affecting the limbs , it also affects vocal organs .
On the bottom trace you can see an example of irregular <unk> of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
And vocal , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of the symptoms .
How do these exams compare to the voice with specialized clinical trials ? Well , they 're both not invasive .
The neurological test is not invasive . They 're both using existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole range of hospitals to make them .
They 're both skillful . Okay , but also test exams are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as a lot .
They 're at minimal and we all know what happens .
When something takes such low cost , it comes on a massive scale .
These are some incredible ready goals to address .
We can reduce the <unk> difficulties of patients .
You would n't need to go to the clinic for the <unk> .
With high-speed monitoring , we could get goals .
We could do massive recruitment at low cost for clinical trials , and for the first time , we 're going to have doable scaling at scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers in the disease before it 's too late .
So , when you give the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's disease Initiative .
Together with <unk> and <unk> , we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and begin to address these goals .
We have local lines for 750 million people in the world .
Whatever , with no Parkinson 's , you can call it at low price and leaving recordings for a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max : So Max , taking all these samples from , say 10,000 people , you 'll be able to say who is healthy and who is n't ?
What about these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What happens is , during the call , you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not spend it . You may not end it .
But we 're going to get a very large data shown in different circumstances , and doing it in different circumstances is important , because we 're looking for <unk> the issues of the real markers of disease .
TR : You 're 86 percent accuracy right now ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
Actually , my graduate student , I 've got to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it 's shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well , what we 've got to do the project . Now we have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety , nine . Well , it 's better .
<unk> : Absolutely .
TR : Thank you very much . Max secrets , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March , 2011 , he made <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We are <unk> creatures .
We hide in the darkness , in no windows , and usually we avoid sunlight .
We do the sound of thin thin , the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible , possible , and this is the press of us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my house , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that happen in Japan .
Shortly after , an organization where I was a volunteer , there was an organization that was voluntary in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't stay sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a little fishermen of fishermen located in the <unk> of nearly 50,000 people , one of the first people affected by the wave .
The level of water recorded reached over 24 feet , and over three miles of land inside .
As you can imagine , the people was devastated .
We bring it out of the channels and the ditches .
We got schools . We removed the slime , and we leave the ready houses to be honest and <unk> .
We took away tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten fish .
We were laughing and loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers as the neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and pieces of photos and cameras and cards .
Everybody did the same .
<unk> and take them to different places of people around them to make them .
It was n't until then I realized that those pictures represented an enormous part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While they were fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
At the end of my first week , I started to help in a center of collapse in the village .
It helped to clean up the potluck restrooms , the huge , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the <unk> would pick up the photos .
And there was the honor of the day , and I had the honor of that day <unk> in me to clean the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until I spent my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the photos , I found some of them who had more than a hundred years old were still on the lab , could n't avoid thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I walked into Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started playing pictures .
This was the first of all .
It was n't too impressed , but where the water had gotten into the face of the girl , I should have to get to have to get to make a lot of accuracy and a lot of it .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't have the aspect of it , and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled photo .
Over the time of time , they were lucky enough , and it took more <unk> , so that I went into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people were offered to help .
Within two weeks , I had 150 people who were trained to join .
In Japan , in July , we moved to <unk> , a village neighbor to northern <unk> .
Once in the week we used our scanner in the temporary time libraries that had been installed , where people were going to reclaim their photos .
The time that it took in <unk> is a different story , it depended on the <unk> of the photos .
It could mean an hour . I could make weeks .
It could involve months .
This <unk> had to draw almost by hand using the areas that color and detail had not destroyed .
It took a long time .
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in saltwater , covering bacteria , with algae , even oil , all of it with oil , all with oil , all over the time I continue to <unk> , and that 's why <unk> was an important part of the project .
We could n't trace the picture unless it was clean , dry and it would have been <unk> by his owner .
We were lucky enough to hand .
We tell the guide of an remarkable neighbor .
It 's very easy to harm the photos already .
As once he said <unk> , the leader of my group is like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures had luck to the photos .
She had begun to <unk> her , but he stopped when he realized that it 's even more .
I also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and his own face would n't have been able to rebuild , we were able to get the images in a single picture and handle the whole picture .
When they picked up their pictures shared something of his story with us .
A couple of colleagues of her husband found the photos in a fire station between the rubble quite far away from where he used to be his house , but his colleagues recognized him .
The day of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water while the Sirens sounded .
Her little kids , not so small now , but his two children were at school , in different schools .
One of them was caught in the water .
He took a week to find all his family and knowing that everybody had survived .
The day I gave her pictures his son younger son .
For her , despite all of this , those pictures were the best gift I could do , something that he could remember about the past that he could remember about the past that he would have been marked by the March , when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan , 1,100 volunteers had joined there -- hundreds of them helped us to clean up over 135 photographs , most of them -- -- most of them came back to hands of their owners . <unk> .
Over 500 volunteers from all over the world helped us give back 90 families to hundreds of pictures of <unk> and <unk> .
For this time , we really do n't spend more than $ 1,000 in teams and materials , most of them in ink for printers .
We take pictures constantly .
A photo is a memory of somebody or something , a relationship , someone wanted .
They 're <unk> from our memories and stories , the last thing that we would take , but the first thing we 'd go back to look for .
This is what the project was about , to restore small pieces of humanity , to restore someone with the past .
When a picture like this gets back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a huge difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected with something bigger , will give back something , using your talent for something that are not being thin thin skin models .
Now , I 'd like to read this email . I sent it Cindy the day I went back from Japan after six months .
As <unk> , I could n't avoid thinking about people and the stories shown in the images .
One in particular , a photo with women from different ages from grandmother to the little girl , gathered around a baby , moved , because a similar picture of my family , my grandmother , my mother , and my newborn daughter , hangs on our wall .
In the whole world , all of our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> inspired us to wonder and curiosity with this picture of a bullet going through an apple in an exhibition just a millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go one million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new type of photograph : <unk> -- a new technique that can create videos in slow motion in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can look after corners , beyond the line of vision , or seeing the body inside the body without using X-rays , challenge the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer , and I turned it off and shut it into a second or be , in several ways , create a photons of photons and just a millimeter wide .
And that photons , that <unk> , travel to the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle , how do those photons move into this bottle ?
What 's the thing about light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- remember that all of this is happening in less than a <unk> is what it takes to travel .
But this video is 10 billion times slower , so you can see the light in motion .
Now , Coca-Cola did n't look at this research . They 're a lot of things in this movie , and I 'm looking at this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , comes into the bottle with a pack of photons that starts to go through and that , inside , it starts to <unk> .
Part of the light goes down , it goes to the table , and we started seeing these ripples .
Many of the photons finally get to the cap and then explode in various directions .
As you can see , there 's a air bubble that bounces inside .
In that time , the waves travel through the table and because of the reflections of the top you see on the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that the reflections are concentrated .
Now , if we take a common and current bullet , and we make them run the same distance , and we see it in slow motion to about 10 billion times , how much do you think it would take us to see that movie ?
A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring movie of a slow bullet in motion .
And what about test with dead nature ?
You can see the waves that are made out of the table , tomato and wall wall .
It 's like throwing a stone on a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , from a <unk> at a time , but of course our eyes see comprehensive composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light takes over tomato , it 's still brilliant . It 's not dark .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe and the light bounces inside and it turns out after several <unk> of a second .
In the future , when this <unk> is in your cell phones , you 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check whether the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
Why do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we took a photo to low exposure , it goes into very little light .
But we 're going to go to a billion times faster than the shortest show , so I 'll barely enter some light .
We sent that <unk> , that photons , millions of times , and we recorded one and again with a very savvy synchronization , we took these gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those data on raw data and <unk> it in an interesting way .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow him to see after corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door . <unk> , go into the room , one part is going to reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
And we could extract those multiple light <unk> .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
Behind the wall , there 's a dummy and <unk> light on the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , at times slightly different moments .
And as we have a camera that works that fast , our <unk> , has unique capabilities .
It has very good temporal resolution , and it can look at the world at the speed of light .
So we know the distances up to the door and also the hidden objects , but we do n't know what dot corresponds to how far .
By projecting a laser , you can actually record a raw photo , that you see on the screen , it really does n't make sense .
But we 're going to take a lot of images like this , dozens of images , we 're going to go and we 're going to try and analyze the multiple light <unk> , and we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that avoid collisions with what 's going on the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at the open windows .
Or we could build <unk> , and you could build the interior of the body through <unk> , and the same thing for <unk> .
But of course , because of tissue and blood , this is quite difficult , so this is actually a request for scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of health imaging .
So as Doc <unk> , he was a scientist , it became art in art , an art of photography .
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected every time is not just for scientific visualizations , but we can see that we can .
We create a new form of computer photography with slow motion and colors code .
And let 's look at those waves . Remember , time between each one of those waves is just about <unk> .
But here 's a fun thing .
If you look at the waves underneath the cap , you leave it from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects . And Einstein would have loved to see this picture .
The order in which the events are happening in the world sometimes the camera .
<unk> the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hello . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change life , and it gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , you can have a crime against humanity in Syria .
With a cell phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a cell phone , you can record a song , he would go back to <unk> and get famous .
This is all possible with a mobile phone .
I 'm a <unk> of 1984 and live in the city of Berlin .
Let 's go back to that moment , to this city .
Here you can see hundreds of thousands of people protesting a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered together to look for a change , they had a cell phone in your pocket .
Who are there a cell phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones .
<unk> . A Android , a Blackberry , wow !
It 's a lot . Almost everybody today has a mobile phone .
But today to talk about me , my mobile phone , and how it changed my life .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> of information .
It 's raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the Commission on the E.U . presented a directive .
The <unk> of data .
This board says that every European phone company , every single Internet provider of all Europe , has to store a broad range of information from users .
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use the mobile phone , where we are .
This whole information is stored for at least six months , and until two years , in his phone company or its Internet provider .
And in all Europe , people stood in and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retrieval of data .
We want the self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the phone phone and the Internet providers , all this information about us .
There were lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets in Berlin and said , `` Freedom , not fear . ''
And some of them even said that this is the <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this works really .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Any time I use mobile ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany , which please give me all the information they had about me .
I asked them once , and I asked them to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you 're getting my life together .
So I decided to make a demand for court because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said not , we wo n't give you this information .
At the end , we signed an agreement .
<unk> the demand , and they would send me the information that I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Court failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly about a CD inside .
And in the CD , there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> , with 30 lines of information .
At first I saw them and I said , well , it 's a huge file . Okay .
But after a while I realized that it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this file .
It was a bit skeptical : what should you do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I go at night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data is .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data City , we did this .
This is a visualization of six months of my life .
You can zoom out and zoom out , go back .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see how I 'm going to go out of <unk> , and how often I call the journey .
This is all possible with this information .
That gives a little bit of fear .
But it 's not just about me .
It 's all of us .
First , there are things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talk a couple of times .
Then they call me some friends and they 're called each other .
And then you call the other one , and the other one to the other , and we end up with this great communications network .
You can see how your people communicate with each other to what time they call each other , which time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the group leaders .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who 's talking to who , who drives an email to who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , they had a cell phone in your pocket .
And I had known who I was involved in this protest , and if I had known the <unk> who were leaders , this never had happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And , as a result , either each of the <unk> of <unk> .
Because now state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible inside and outside the web .
They want to have the chance to follow our lives and want to store them forever .
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But today you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go home , tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value , and it 's not past fashion .
When you go home , tell you that only because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information you store from you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones that will help you remember that they have to fight for self-determination in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hi TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hi TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and I 'm not <unk> , but I know the doctor who brought me to the world .
I went to my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , that 's why I 'm doing it all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
Muhammad Al .
It 's not genetics .
It 's not <unk> and ca n't contract .
No one would take the uterus of my mother and not <unk> because my parents were cousins , even though they are .
It 's just happening by accidents , like the one that happened to me at birth .
Now I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , you have to be disabled .
Let 's walk .
<unk> Christmas , they 're in the shopping center , they drive in circles in circles , and what do you see ?
16 empty empty places .
And they think , `` God , can I be at least a little disabled ? ''
Also , I 'm telling you , I have 99 problems , and P. C. 's just one of them .
There was a <unk> of oppression , I would win the gold medal .
I 'm the Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and live in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you might have to do it .
I 'm from <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my illness had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York , I could .
A lot of people with cerebral palsy , not walk , but my parents do n't believe in the `` You ca n't . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it ; I dance <unk> . ''
If my three elderly sisters <unk> , I wiped out .
If my three older sisters went to the public school , my parents would come to the school system , and it 's been <unk> that I was also , and if we did n't take all the ultimate note , we all get the <unk> of my mother .
My father taught me how to walk the five years putting my feet on his feet and just walking .
Another tactic that I used was hang on a dollar in front of me so that you would get it .
The <unk> I carry on it was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in kindergarten , I was walking as a boxing maker who has received a lot of hits .
Growing up , there was only six Arabs in my city and they were all of the family .
Now there 's 20 Arabs , and they 're still all over the family . I think nobody realized we were n't Italian .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians would think appropriate to use `` I hate Muslims , '' as campaign motto .
The people I grew up with did n't have problems with my faith .
But nevertheless , it seemed to be a lot of death died during the <unk> .
I was telling them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating , so they <unk> at the sunset is very easy .
<unk> did on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . My parents could n't afford physical therapy , so they sent me to the dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , whatever I can walk with heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends wear heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to go through summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I was n't going .
I spent my summers in a war zone , because my parents worried that if we do n't go back to Palestine all the summers , we 're going to get stuck in Madonna .
On the summer vacation , often my father tried to <unk> me , so I would drink milk on my back , put me warm milk on the back , and I remember the Dead Sea , and I remember the water <unk> my eyes and thinking , `` It works , it works . ''
But the miraculous cure was yoga .
I must say it 's very boring , but before doing yoga , it was a <unk> comedian that could n't stand up .
And now I can stand in your head .
My parents would argue this idea that I could do anything , that no sleep was impossible , and my dream was to be in the General Hospital .
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a fellowship for the <unk> , University of the state of Arizona , because I went into all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> of the theater department .
Everybody loved me .
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent , I took the ultimate note into my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I was doing a scene of the glass zoo my teachers wept .
But I never got a paper .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called very slow dance in Jackson .
It 's a work of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` Well , I 'll have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy .
Anyway , free ! Anyway , free .
Thank God Almighty , I 'm free .
I did n't get the paper . They gave him the Brown .
I went to <unk> running the head of the theater department , crying historically , as if someone had killed my cat , to ask him why , and she told me that I could n't make the risk stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a paper that was literally born and gave him an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> history of <unk> actors disabled .
When I graduated home , I went back home , and my first tour <unk> was like extra in a soap cafe .
My dream became true .
And I knew that it would be <unk> from `` companion '' to `` better friend crazy . ''
Instead , he stayed there as a vase , he did n't see me more than the back of the head , and it was clear to me that the allocation directors do n't have a <unk> actors , not white , with disability .
It just appealed to perfect people .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , Roseanne , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
That 's why I became <unk> .
On my first tour , I took famous comic in New York to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedian that took when he fell into the account that I was at high speed on the New Jersey freeway with a driver who had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs all United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and homeless .
Some people say that I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I 'm never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little <unk> <unk> that says women are not fun , and they 're really fun .
In 2003 , my brother 's brother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> Festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in media and I will remind you to the allocation of allocation that <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
<unk> Arabs were much easier than fighting the challenge of disability .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was invited to be invited to the news program by cable has the back Keith <unk> .
I walked into a graduation dance , dragged me into a study and sat at me in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can I give you another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two ... ''
And we were live .
So I clinging to the presenter desk and not come rolling out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , I was king .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew they would n't come to me .
But not just Mr. <unk> came back to me , but he was like I was going to study full-time and hit my chair .
It 's a fun thing that I learned directly to Keith <unk> was that people in the Internet are scum .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but they never made fun of me or a child .
Suddenly my disability on the Internet was turned into ridicule .
I would watch clips online , like , `` Why is you <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> .
What 's the disease ?
We really should be praying for it . ''
I just suggested that I would add my own disability to my rsum : writer , comedian , paralyzed .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't make any <unk> , then you ca n't make someone in a wheelchair .
The disabled are -- yeah , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority in the world , and the <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we could create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , that <unk> less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children .
My tortuous journey has led me to very spectacular places .
I came up with the red carpet <unk> by the <unk> Susan <unk> and the <unk> <unk> <unk> .
I came to act on a movie with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world <unk> `` Arabs have become nuts . ''
I was <unk> in representation of the New Jersey State in 2008 .
And I founded `` The <unk> Children , '' a charity to give birth refugees to Palestinian refugees a tiniest part of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father watched me live , and I 'm doing this talk to his memory .
No peace , Dad .
I call myself <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can also .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a little young story .
I do n't know his name , but I know your story .
He lives in a small town to the South <unk> .
This people are near <unk> .
<unk> drives the small village to poverty and on the edge of starvation .
Without anything for him there , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When it comes there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , no work .
He just ran in a tent in the city outside <unk> .
After maybe one year <unk> , nothing .
One day I read about a guy who offers him to take it to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
He meets a dynamic group of people who gives a break .
It gets a little money to buy new clothes , money to send home , their family .
I 'm presented to a young man .
Finally , home .
It starts a new life .
It has a life goal .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That child of that little village with the dreams of the great city was suicide , and that dynamic group of people were to <unk> , a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda .
So how did the story of a little town in a small village trying to fulfill his dream in the city ends with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity , waiting for the future , waiting for a future perspective , and that was the first thing that came to it .
This was the first thing that it took him out of what we call `` waiting period . ''
And its story repeats in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young unemployed young people who <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , which look something beyond the `` waiting period . ''
For young people , the promise of the city , the great dream of the city is the opportunity , of jobs , of well-being , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people living in cities are being under 18 .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the story of the waiting period , the door of access to terrorism , to the violence , to gangs , will be the history of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent do n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do nothing at all .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit the <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember being in front of that hospital <unk> thinking , `` What if I 'd never gone ? ''
What if I would have forced to be in that same `` waiting period ? ''
Would it become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to support the juvenile leaders at a corporate pinnacle .
We went to about 90 juvenile leaders <unk> <unk> .
We sat down , and we had an idea of ideas on solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to <unk> University , graduated .
No job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because it was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect target for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to reach from point A to B are the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He looked at an opportunity and I went down .
He started a motorcycles company .
It started <unk> into local residents who normally could n't get 'em .
I bought 10 motorbikes , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand to hundreds of motorbikes for the next three years .
Why is this story different ?
What makes this story different ?
I think their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the corporate spirit , and I think the corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against the `` waiting period . ''
We 're going to get young people to be the creators of economic opportunity that are so desperately looking for .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a <unk> .
I was helping myself to train some of the young people at the pinnacle of the business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative .
In fact , it 's the first <unk> that <unk> has seen in more than 22 years , and until recently , until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were going to get rid of plastic sent out of plastic from abroad .
If you give somebody fresh , `` When was the last time you saw flowers fresh ? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So , Mohamed saw an opportunity .
He started a company <unk> and floral design .
I created a farm in the outskirts of <unk> , and he started growing <unk> and <unk> , who said , they could survive the hard weather of <unk> .
And the delivery of flowers began for wedding , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working in creating the first public park in <unk> in 22 years .
There 's no public parks in <unk> .
It wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like he says , smell the pink roses .
By the way , he 's not grown , because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought of working for an NGO , working for the government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
They encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , that might be <unk> of change .
By the end of the day , they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
We have business solutions for local problems .
So , inspiring young people and creating a culture of corporate spirit is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas happen .
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in the development and put in their business .
They bring young people with the resources that they need to do , they need support that they need to move from conception to creation , and create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the corporate spirit is something else to start a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed is not just selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
His Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , transforming the way people see their city .
He hired her street kids to help rent and keep on motorcycles for him .
They gave them the opportunity to escape from the waiting period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : to become young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eating their inherent innovation , and they 'll have more stories about flowers and Parks of the Peace that <unk> and <unk> moments .
Thank you .
I was about ten years old and I went camping with my dad in the <unk> mountains , an area <unk> in upstate New York City .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was made that the leaf leaves like a <unk> , and it 's not going to be the way that we were still , we could n't pretend we were the first human beings to step on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> by a beautiful light lake when I discovered something horrible .
Behind the shed had a dump , from about four square feet , with rotten apple hearts with aluminum pieces of aluminum , and old brown paper .
And I was stunned , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
<unk> who were too lazy to pull out what they had , who thought he was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question followed me , and it takes a little bit off .
Who clean our garbage ?
No matter how to organize or where do we have the `` ours , '' who clean our garbage in Istanbul ?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or in Paris or in London ?
So here in New York , the Department of <unk> cleans our garbage , and 11 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know as individuals .
I wanted to understand who that work does .
What do you feel to use your uniform and take that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and walked through the trajectory and interviewed people in offices and facilities in the entire city , and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
He needed to go more .
So I began to work like garbage <unk> .
Now I 'm not just going to travel in the trucks . I gave them them .
And it operated mechanical mechanical and bar snow .
It was a remarkable privilege and amazing learning .
Everybody wonders about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as predominant as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used to very quickly .
It costs very much used to weight .
I met people who had worked on it for several years , and their bodies were still <unk> in their body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Office of <unk> Statistics , the waste collection is one of the most dangerous <unk> in the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and moving in traffic all day , and they get buzzing around you .
They just want to do it , so in general the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for the worker .
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall out of the truck and have terrible damage .
I also learned about the relentless of crap .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature in itself .
It never stops coming .
It 's also like a form of breathing or circulation .
It always must be in motion .
And it 's also the stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is particularly ironic because I think the waste predators are the most important labor of the city streets , for three reasons .
It 's the first license of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste in the efficient way , and effective , every day , this starts with <unk> of their container and their dangers inherent in very real shapes .
And we 'd just run it for decades and centuries and centuries , and they start <unk> .
The economy needs them .
If we ca n't get rid of the old we do n't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when it 's in danger danger .
Now , I 'm not advocating for capitalism , just pointing to your relationship .
And then it 's what I call our daily speed .
And I mean by simply the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't care about it , and we usually clean , and we 're carrying our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we drop them , forget about them , because we know there 's a job force on the other side that will take out of it .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways to think about waste collection that maybe help reduce the stigma and <unk> in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Her job , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when <unk> .
And their work allows us to make our own .
It 's almost a way of relief .
The flow that keeps us except ourselves , our own waste , our waste , and that flow always has to stay in one way or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I heard the grunt of a garbage collection truck on the street , grabbed my little son and I went down the stairs running , and there was a man doing his journey of recycled paper as I did every Wednesday .
And I tried to thank you for doing his work that day in particular , but I started crying .
And he looked at me and just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be fine .
Let 's be fine . ''
Shortly after that , I started looking at the waste collection and I went back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , we worked together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be fine .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include all the costs , even the very real human cost of the labor labor .
municipal waste , what we think about when we talk about garbage , represent three percent of the whole amount of waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of your day and their lives , the next thing you see somebody whose work is to clean up the garbage of you , take a moment to recognize them .
Take a moment to tell you .
My work is focused on the connection to think about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions .
Today , I brought two recent projects of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example began with an invitation to design a <unk> mall in the capital of Ethiopia , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , to my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run out . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are a lot of these buildings in the city we realized there are three important aspects to emphasize .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to spend a lot of energy because the crystals with crystals generates heat inside , so it takes a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen , because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And third , its appearance is nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia .
It 's a rather wealthy place in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really engaged with the old market , which is this open-source structure where thousands of people go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought that was what I really wanted to design , not a mall .
But the question was how to build a modern building , from various stories , applying these principles .
The next challenge was presented to the basis of the site , which is located in an area of much growth in the city , where much of the buildings that we see in the image is , there was no .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that are not communicated at an extension of hundreds of feet .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , mixing all the entries in the building .
And this spreads out with an inclined atrium that creates a space of open air in the building that would melt , by its own form , of the sun and the rain .
And around this space we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on every floor because of the form of space .
I also thought , how close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution that would bring to the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a <unk> <unk> to allow the air entry , and also the light , but in a filtered way .
Then we inspire ourselves in these beautiful buttons of <unk> ' dresses .
They have the fractal geometry , and it helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little pieces of <unk> that are the windows that leave the air and light in a <unk> way inside the building .
And this is stuck with these little crystals of colors that use light inside the building to illuminate the building at night .
With these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a mall . It 's not what we ask . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was to be much more profitable than the mall , because at the end of the day there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic , not just because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was n't necessary air conditioning .
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the energy <unk> for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day .
So we get a huge advantage to putting <unk> on the roof .
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which collect water for the inner health .
It 's waiting for the beginning of the next year , because we go through the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project so big , the biggest that I 've designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia , but also their environment , the tradition and culture .
During that analysis , it was special attention to the <unk> , a $ 1,000 years old who was surrounded by a dozen doors of access to almost straight lines through almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was extend the streets existing , creating 12 early blocks similar to size and characteristics that are in Barcelona and other cities of Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the connected doors with straight lines , and this changed the initial model .
And the last operation was to think about the cell , the small cell of the project , like an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would the best orientation for an apartment in the Middle weather ?
And it 's direct , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation .
So we made a scheme that claims most of the apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with courtyards , and then on the bottom plant , we have all the connections to pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density on higher levels and lower density on the plant .
And it reinforces this idea of doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving up the space , the space of space .
It 's where all the neighbors , they can go up and socialize , and do activities such as running a <unk> race in the morning or jump from a building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach to the design process .
And also , they 're in emerging countries , where you can see cities , literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in people 's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple , affordable solutions that improve the relationship between the community and the environment , and they have to connect the nature with people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight years old , a new girl joined our class . It was as remarkable as you see all the new girls .
I had large amounts of very bright hair and a little <unk> of pencils , cute . It was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I got my sinister plan .
One day I stayed in time after the School of school , and I hid in the bathroom 's bathroom .
When the shoreline was <unk> , I went out , I went into the classroom , took out of the table of my master 's book .
And then I did .
<unk> the grades of my rival , just a little bit , just a few .
All the way . And I set up to return the book to the drawer , but , to see , some of my other classmates had very good grades as well .
So in a frenzy , <unk> the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all over <unk> and myself a row in a row , just because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came out .
I do n't understand why I was doing so well .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
That 's that it was it .
I never discovered .
But above all , I 'm going to tell you the reason why I was bothered by that this little girl , so small , it was so good at <unk> .
I was reminded of jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies have jealousy .
The primates . <unk> birds are very likely .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet , I 've never seen a study that analyze loneliness , or the long duration or sadness .
So , you have to go to fiction , because novels are like the lab in which jealousy of all their possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's an exaggeration to say that if there was no jealousy , it would have no literature .
Well , it would n't have Helena the <unk> , there 's no `` A . ''
There was no king jealous , no `` <unk> and a night . ''
It would n't have Shakespeare .
<unk> the lists of high school from high school , because we 'd be losing `` The Noise and <unk> , '' there would be `` Gatsby '' and `` Party . '' We 're <unk> `` Madame <unk> '' and `` Anna K . ''
No jealousy , there is no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost all of them have .
This year , it 's been 100 years ago , `` In pursuit of lost time , '' the most comprehensive sexual jealousy of sex jealousy and also the ordinary competitiveness , mine , all that we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details of <unk> , right ?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We think about a <unk> <unk> in your <unk> .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forgot how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said they were as hard as a cat cat .
I do n't know how the cat cat is , but we assume it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they 're going so well together , the novel and the jealousy -- jealousy and Proust .
Is it very obvious like jealousy , which are reduced to the person , to their desire , to their liabilities , are a very solid narrative base ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being storytellers and audience , we know exactly what detail is to include the knife , right ?
<unk> make us all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to himself that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm that <unk> detects on his lover , he adds it to his collection of instruments of torture in her private chamber .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , they were notoriously jealous .
You know , Proust boyfriends would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break it .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's hard work . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion . You have to power it .
And how are jealousy ?
The jealousy get rid of the information .
<unk> use details .
You know , jealousy , they like large amounts of bright hair and the cute and small <unk> of pencils .
The jealousy got rid of the photos .
That 's why Instagram it 's so successful , Proust links nicely with the jealousy of jealousy .
When <unk> is in its own agony of jealousy , they suddenly hear behind the gates and <unk> his lover ' servants , then advocates that behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know that this is disgusting , but it 's not different to the interpretation of an ancient text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says , `` It 's scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy look at us , and they make us seem like <unk> , but in its heart , they 're finding knowledge , search for the truth , a painful truth . In fact , what Proust matters , the more painful , the truth , better .
The pain , the humiliation , the loss : these were the pathways towards Proust 's wisdom .
He says , `` One woman who we need , that makes us suffer , it causes us a much more profound feelings of feelings that a wise man who might be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy reveal us .
And there 's some other excitement that makes us open up in this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion that reveals our <unk> , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a young , very nervous man that was consumed with the idea that his wife was paralyzed .
And Freud said that there was something weird in that man , who did n't get stuck in what his wife was doing .
Well she was innocent ; she knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that he was doing his wife , without knowing , casual behaviors .
Do you know too much ? Or accidentally , you 've got a man ?
Freud said that the man was becoming the unconscious of his wife 's unconscious .
The novels are very good at this .
There 's novels very well about how jealousy they do to look at intensity , but no accuracy .
In fact , the more intensely jealous we are , we become residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I believe , jealousy lead us to do violent acts or illegal acts .
<unk> drive us to behave in totally <unk> ways .
Now I 'm thinking about myself at eight years old , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news .
A woman of Michigan from 52 years old was captured by having created a false Facebook account since that he sent <unk> , horrible to himself , for a year .
For a year . Every year .
She was trying to put him up to the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , and I have to confess that when or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because , let 's be realistic .
What huge , unfortunate though , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> , '' and `` Mr. <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that try to how jealousy , <unk> our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what might be , can be replicated at a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> or wanting what you 've got to take your self and get away from what you 've ever got , and it 's underneath the floor . <unk> your rings , your rings , cow accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you <unk> to everybody , as much as sometimes I want .
It 's a pity , because we live in times of envy .
We live in jealousy times .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where the currency is the envy ? Right ?
The novels show us ? I 'm not sure .
So we 're going to do what the characters always do when they 're not secure , when they 're in front of a mystery .
Let 's go to the <unk> of Baker Street and ask for Sherlock Holmes .
And when people think of Holmes , they think about the <unk> curse in Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always been thinking [ after Go '' [ <unk> ] <unk> , the head head of <unk> <unk> who needs genuinely successfully , it needs Detroiters , but it bothers him .
Oh , it sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs its help , but it 's <unk> , and <unk> with bitterness in the each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The Six <unk> <unk> , '' once Min 's coming in , <unk> all over his solution , and he goes back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , sir !
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells him that there 's no person in Scotland <unk> that I would n't want to raise your hand .
It 's one of the few times that we see Holmes transferred in history . It seems very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a geometry of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute Brunel is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute they are on the same side .
Suddenly , it allows you to admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it still be so simple ?
What if jealousy are really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get rid of the greatness of the other .
We can relate to it .
But I like the contingency plans .
So as we hope that happens , let 's remember that we have fiction for <unk> .
It 's just the fiction of jealousy the jealousy .
The fiction alone , he invites them to the table .
And look at what <unk> -- the sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the crazy <unk> , the very Marcel Proust .
We 're in great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On the 21st of July , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo Age of Apollo 11 and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence on the gray surface of the surface was the culmination of a collective process .
The Apollo program was the biggest mobilization for peace in the history of America .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked about 20,000 people , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the crew of Apollo .
But before the Apollo program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
Twelve walked on his surface , which traveled after Armstrong died last year , is now the oldest man .
So why were they ?
They did n't get a lot back : <unk> kilos of old rocks , and something that 24 <unk> later , a new sense of something and the fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy in Rice University in 1962 give you a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you might also ask , why would you scale the top mountain ?
35 years ago , why fly over the Atlantic ?
Why plays Rice against Texas ?
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon .
We chose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're difficult .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was just a victory of the West on the Cold War .
At the time , emotion is the most important of wonder to the technology of technology .
They were because it was great to be able to do it .
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technology .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , the penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it <unk> <unk> and broke smallpox .
Technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the history of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a sailing ship , but in 1969 , the crew of Apollo 10 flew 50 miles / hour .
From 1970 , no human being has come back to the moon .
Nobody has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 , and the optimism joyful about the power of technology has been evaporated by the power of technology has evaporated to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feeding the world population seem to be intractable .
I remember looking at Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that he would not look at the exhaust tube from the rocket Saturn V .
I knew that this would be the last mission of the next door , but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars .
So that , `` Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , '' has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard that for the last two days here at TED .
It looks like the technologists have found themselves and become enriched with trivial toys , things like iPhone , apps and social networks , or algorithms that speed up the automated sale .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They 've expanded and enriched our lives .
But it 's not the great problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parochial explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that have created less ambitious companies than those of the years when Intel was at Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty , concrete , incentives that venture capitalists are offering entrepreneurs .
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of ideas to be changed by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think that this explanation is good enough .
It 's mostly going wrong with <unk> Valley .
Even when the capitalists venture capitalists were at their high point without worry about risk , they preferred small investments , tiny investments that could come out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies as energy , which need a massive capital and whose development is in the long run . They have n't invested in development of technologies intended to solve big problems because they do n't have any commercial value .
No , the reasons why we ca n't solve big problems are more complicated and more profound .
Sometimes we choose to do n't solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular , and that will never happen .
We do n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things than to do on Earth .
Sometimes we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of the world 's energy consumption is sources of renewable energy , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than the <unk> .
We want alternate energy sources that can compete on price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , entrepreneurs and economists agree on which political policies and international treaties developing the development of an alternative energy : mostly a significant increase in research and energy development , and some kind of control of coal .
But there is no hope in the political climate of today that we 're going to see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes , the big problems that looked like technology , is not to be .
We know since famine is a result of failure in the allocation of food .
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect <unk> the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crops or systems for storage and food allocation , but there will be famine while there were bad governments .
And finally , big problems sometimes make a solution because we do n't understand the problem really .
The President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971 , but we soon discovered that there are many kinds of cancer , some terribly resistant to treatment , and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments .
Hard problems are difficult .
It 's not true that we could n't solve problems with technology .
We can and we must , but these four elements have to be present : political leaders and the population must want to solve the problem ; the institutions have to support the solution ; it must be really about a technological problem ; and we should understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , does with those criteria .
But it 's a model model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's not a <unk> competition like the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy who 's difficult and dangerous , and there 's no popular mythology of science fiction like how to explore the solar system .
In general , going to the moon turned out to be simple .
I was just three days .
And I really did n't even address any problem .
We are alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows we 're not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Well , I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to begin with <unk> ideas that have about trust .
They are so common that they have become cliches from our society .
I think it 's three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a huge decline of trust , it 's a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third is a task : we should regain trust .
I think the claim , the goal , and the task , have been wrong with interpreted .
What I 'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , which I think gives a more clear idea about the topic .
First of all , why do people think that trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
And I bow to think that it may have dropped in some activities or institutions , and that might have risen in others .
I do n't know .
But I can turn to opinion polls , and opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased .
When you look at surveys throughout time , there are no many evidence for it .
I mean , the people who were being spent 20 years ago , mainly journalists and politicians , keep inspiring the same distrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago still are pretty reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the way .
But is this evidence ?
What behavioral opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people relate to themselves when they do certain questions .
Do they trust the politicians ? Trust the teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Are you going to call them in the <unk> ?
Does it happen in fishermen ?
<unk> in elementary teachers ? ''
You probably ask for asking , `` What ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some of them , but in others . ''
What 's very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit confidence in a small way .
We do n't assume that the level of trust we 're going to feel like a certain kind of official , official or type of person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I might , for example , to say I trust a certain elementary school teacher I know to give the kind of reading , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my friend more talkative to keep a conversation , but not , maybe to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is distinct , why do we drop out all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract form ?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they 're trying to ensure the inherent judgment of trusting something or somebody .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to get more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not the target that I 'm <unk> .
I 'm going to get more confidence in what it is for trust , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm a believer in not trusting what is not reliable .
And I think that those people who were making their savings with the very rightly Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think of them , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life .
Mountain bars , or <unk> with intelligence , that 's the right target .
Once you say it , it says , yes , it 's worth , that means that what matters in the first place is not trust , but trustworthiness .
So what it 's about is making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think to be able to make a judgment , we are forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they responsible ? Are they responsible ?
And if we find that a person is being competent , and it 's responsible and responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason to trust it , because it 's going to be worthy of trust .
But if , in contrast , they 're not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I 've got friends who are competent and honest , but they do n't go on them to take a letter in the mail , because they 're <unk> .
I 've got friends who are very confident that they can do certain things , but I see you 're seeing their own skills .
And I 'm so happy to say that I do n't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely <unk> .
If I do n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before you trust .
Trust is the answer .
The trustworthiness is what we need to judge .
And , of course , it 's hard .
Over the last few decades , we 've tried to build systems of accountability for all sorts of institutions , professional and officials , and so on , that made us easier for the task to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
I remember once he was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you see , the problem is that it takes more time to do the management paperwork that I 'm going to attend . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public and institutional life , which the accountability system that 's destined to ensure the trustworthiness and the testing of trustworthiness , it 's actually doing the opposite .
What they do is I want the work of the people who have to do difficult tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that `` boxes , '' as we say .
I 'm sure you all know similar examples .
All of that , the goal .
I believe that the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if you 're trying to be worthy of trust , and we would give people to the people that are reliable , and if you try to determine whether other people , officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's the judgment , the simple actions , attitudes , what 's not done properly .
Third , the task .
It 's going to rebuild the task to rebuild trust , puts things backwards backwards .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild the trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if it 's two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , is distinctive because they give us other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You have to give them the basis for enough that you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually , to all people , all the time .
But you also have to bring <unk> evidence that you are worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , the ordinary people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks says that I can raise them without giving explanations .
I take it and get the money back , or you change them by the color I want to .
That 's great . I trust them because they became vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson on that .
If you become vulnerable to the other part , that 's a really good proof that you are worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So at the end , I think that what we 're aiming at is not a very difficult thing to figure out .
What people trust is in relationships , and in that frame , you can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the early computers , we 've come up to reduce the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world , and the world of the screen in which the imagination can be suppressed .
This separation has gone down , increasingly and more , to such a point that today is less than a millimeter , the thickness of the touch screen , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , and if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be .
First of all , I created this tool that goes into digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen is its physical body to pixels .
Designers can make their ideas directly into 3D , and surgeons can practice virtual organs below the screen .
So , with this tool , the barriers break .
But the two hands remain on the screen .
How do you reach inside and interact with the digital information using the whole skill dexterity ?
In the division of Microsoft Sciences at Microsoft , along with my mentor <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard on a computer digital area .
And I combined a see-through bombsight , and they can detect the toes and the face , now you can put up the hands of the keyboard , come into the inside of the 3D space , and get pixels directly with your hands .
As the windows and the archives have a location in real space , it 's as easy as catching a book on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual touch sensor that 's down the virtual screen .
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with your hands .
In these examples , we 're typing in the digital world .
What if we invest the papers and we make digital information come towards us ?
Surely , many of us would have bought and returned to the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about .
So what I 've got here is an virtual <unk> online .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make them physical , so we can touch them and feel them ?
So what would be a future ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my Hiroshi Hiroshi Ishii , and my <unk> collaborator Post , we created this one physical pixel .
This spherical electromagnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in space , which means that the computer as users can move anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was let gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical <unk> and detectors .
And by programming the object , we 're released from the constraints of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
You can teach them physically and distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan , you can play it as a physical reality the time we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of the planets , the physics , and , unlike the monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how programming the world is going to change our physical activities .
As you see , digital information is not only going to show us something , but begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without us to have to <unk> our world .
So we started talking today about a barrier , but if we discount that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I was thrilled to become a leader for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to take a school for athletes with all expenses .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . '' tiger .
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After I survive the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was just an accurate path toward happiness : a safe job and paid .
No matter whether I 'd like work or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
Now , an opera singer should start with <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I was back to the director of the school and the presenter of a radio program .
But no adults would get the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
My friends were supportive of me , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So at the age of 15 , I knew that it was too much better to train .
My dream will never happen .
I was afraid that during the rest of my life , a second class happiness will be the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I decided to look for another vocation .
No one around me wanted me to teach me ? Okay .
Let 's go to books .
[ `` Kid <unk> '' <unk> , '' [ `` The <unk> of Magic '' '' -- I got to America in 1995 , and what were the first books that I read here ?
They were banned from China , of course .
`` The Good Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not a convenient propaganda . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but odd .
That 's one topic for another day .
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation , `` Tell your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this <unk> trap , and to reset the relationship with my parents .
And I find it with a new culture also led to my comparative reading habit .
We 're going to make a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning this map found me out of place because this is what students in China learn .
It had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
Model is not new .
It 's a common practice in the academic world .
There 's a field of research like comparative religion and comparative literature .
Compare and contrast , it offers academics to a deeper understanding of a topic .
And I thought that the comparative reading worked to investigate , why do n't we do that in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They may be about people , `` Benjamin Franklin , '' from Walter <unk> , who were involved in a same case , or friends with shared experiences .
For Christ , temptation are economic and politics and spiritual .
For Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The path of <unk> Tzu , '' Thomas <unk> ] [ `` The Origin of Science '' Alan <unk> ] Instead of lost in translation , I found that you can win a lot .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese literally means `` <unk> joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened me up a magic door to reconnect with people from the past and the present .
I know I 'm not going to feel it either , or powerless .
Have a dream to actually cover it is nothing compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from where happiness comes from .
Even a shattered dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of the books that I 'm here , happy , living again with purpose and clearly , most of the time .
So the books will always join them .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first customer psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in clinical psychology in Berkeley .
She was a <unk> woman named Alex .
Alex went into the first session using jeans and a <unk> <unk> , threw on my office couch and told me that I wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My roommate had a <unk> as a first customer .
And I had a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the <unk> stories that Alex brought brought back to the sessions , it made me easy to move my head to the way that we 'll make the solution .
`` <unk> are the new twenties , '' he said Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start to work later , go home , you have kids later , to death happens later .
For <unk> like Alex and I had plenty time .
But shortly after , my supervisor pushed me up to press me that I 'd talk about his loving life .
I stood up .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out with the guys under his category , he sits down with a <unk> head , but it 's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` No , no , but maybe marry the next one .
Also , the best moment to work on Alex is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what I used to do , but this did n't make them from Alex being a break in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex were the perfect moment , and we were wasting it .
So I realized , that this kind of benign neglect was a real problem , and I had real consequences , not only for Alex and his <unk> lives , but for racing , families and future ones everywhere .
There are 50 million <unk> in the United States today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if you think no one comes to age without going before the <unk> .
Hands up if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah ! They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , they love a <unk> , you take your sleep out , and I want to see . It 's fine . Incredible , really matter .
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be 35 years old .
This means that eight of all 10 decisions and experiences and `` Aha ! '' which give you your life will have happened to be 30 and so many .
<unk> people , not panic .
This audience is going to be fine , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win .
We know that more than half the Americans are married , they live , or they 're coming out with their future partner at 30 years .
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in their <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change yourself , now it 's time to change it .
We know that the personality changes more times during their <unk> that at any other time in life , and we know that the female fertility arrives at the top of 28 , and things become complicated at 35 .
<unk> are time for education about their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which your everyday and common life has an impact on the person that will become .
But what we do n't hear often is that there 's something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in an adult development .
But this is not what <unk> are listening .
The newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
The researchers call them an extended adolescence .
The journalists <unk> <unk> names of <unk> as `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality , which is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard Bernstein said that to make great things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give a <unk> in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life . ''
There 's nothing happening .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and its ambition , and it 's absolutely nothing .
And then every day , smart , smart , interesting things like you or your daughters come to my office and say something like that , `` I know my boyfriend is n't good for me , but this relationship does n't . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says , while I start a career before the 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are by <unk> and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My dating dates were like the game game game .
They were all running around , and then somewhere around the 30 , the music turned off the music , and they all began to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who stood up , so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the speakers here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little extreme , but it 's not wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge amount of pressure on 30s and so many of us starting a career , choosing a city , choose a partner , and have two or three children in a much shorter time .
Many of these things are not compatible , and there 's research that start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything once in the '30s .
The middle age crisis is not about buying red cars .
It 's about realizing you ca n't have the career you want now .
You know , you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give a brother to your son .
A lot of <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and I sat in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was I doing ? What was I thinking ? ''
I want to change what <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story about how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because he was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or in entertainment , but you still could n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as <unk> .
As it was cheaper , I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperament than ambition .
And despite living very difficult ones , his life before it was even harder .
<unk> often on our sessions , but then they stood up and say , `` You do n't pick your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma came up with his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I 'd just been able to buy a new book notebook , and I 'd gone all the morning <unk> with his many contacts , but then he stayed looking at empty space that goes after the words `` In case , '' please call ...
I was at about the hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who 's going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who will take care of me if it gives me cancer ? ''
At that time , it took me a lot of work to resist and say , `` I . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that really would be worried .
Emma needed better life , and I knew that this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma was in front .
So , for the next few weeks and months , I said to Emma three things that all <unk> , man or woman , deserves to know .
First , I said to Emma you forget about that identity crisis and identity of identity .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that add value to your person .
Doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later .
I did n't know the future of Emma 's race , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity capital .
So now it 's time for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding school , that you want to try .
I 'm not <unk> exploration , I 'm crossing the exploration that I should not tell , that by the way , it 's not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that would explore jobs and make them count .
Second , I said to Emma the urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you back to the airport , but the ones that get together with friends with similar minds similar to who you know , what you know , how they think , how they talk , and where they work .
That new piece of capital , that new person with whom is almost always coming from outside of the nearest circle .
The new things come from what they call <unk> by friends from friends .
Yes , half of the speakers have a bad job or they do n't have any work .
But the other half did n't , and the weak links are the way we put it into this group .
The half of the jobs created never , then , to meet the head of your neighbor is the way you get a job that was n't published .
It 's not cheating . It 's the science of how information happens .
Last but not least , Emma believed you do n't pick your family , but they do n't know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but as he was growing , Emma will soon get to her family , when they have a partner and form your own family .
I said to Emma that time to choose his family had come .
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or even 25 , and I agree with you .
But having the person who you live with now or you 're going to get excited now when all of Facebook begin to walk towards the altar is not progress .
The best moment to work on your marriage is before you have , and that involves being so intentional in love as you 're at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice from who , and what they want instead of just doing it will work or kill some time with whoever you choose to you .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well , we looked at that directory , and she met the roommate 's roommate who worked at a museum of art in another state .
This weak bond helped him get a job there .
That job supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived .
Now , five years later , it 's a special array of events .
This married with a man who chose consciously .
She loves her new career , she loves her new family , and I send a letter that said , `` Now the emergency contact spaces are n't big enough . ''
Emma 's story may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help you .
<unk> are like airplanes that come out from the Los Angeles airport , which come out somewhere in the West .
Just before the takeoff , a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between land in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at the age of 21 or 25 and even on the 29 , a good conversation , a good job , a good TED Talk can have huge effects on the next generation or even in the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading from all the speakers to meet .
It 's as simple as what I learned to say to Alex .
It 's what I 've now got the privilege of telling them as Emma every day -- every day , <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their age , get identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
They do n't define what they did n't know or what they did n't do .
They 're deciding your life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very tough job in management consultancy for a work that was even more picky : the faculty .
I went to show you mathematics to graduate students in New York City public schools .
And as any teacher , I applied tests and testing .
I gave them tasks .
When I went back , I 'll get the grades .
What struck me is that the I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of those who had a better performance did n't have I.Q . ratings .
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well .
And that set me thinking .
The kinds of things you need to learn in mathematics in seventh grade , are safe , they 're difficult : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over enough time .
After several years , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a safe perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how we measure better .
It 's the <unk> , but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn how fast and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and went to university to become a psychologist .
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's got success here and why ?
My research team and I went to the military Academy West Point .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who would be embedded .
We went to the National Contest , and we tried to predict what kids were going as far as possible in the competition .
We studied teachers amateurs working in neighborhoods that teachers are still teaching for the end of the year school and those , who will be the most effective at improving the learning outcomes of their students ?
We teamed up with private companies , asking , which of these vendors are going to keep their job job ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all those very different contexts , a feature arose as an important success of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good look , physical health and not I.Q .
It was determination .
Determination is passion and perseverance to achieve long-term goals .
Determination is to have resistance .
determination is embracing its future , day after day , not just a week , not only for the month , but for years , working really hard to make that future .
Determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a full speed .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in Chicago public schools .
I asked thousands of high school students to make my determination questionnaires and then waited for over a year to see those who are <unk> .
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater chance of graduate school , even when I swam in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even the safety that children felt when they were in school .
So not only is it in West Point or at the National School of <unk> in which it matters , it 's also in school , especially for children at risk .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is the little thing that we know about the science of developing .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How can you develop the determination of children ?
What should I do to teach kids a solid work ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long-term ? ''
The more honest answer is : I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't make determination .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that are simply not ahead with their engagements .
In fact , in our data , which is often not related or related to talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've heard about developing children is something called growth mindset .
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with the effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing up in response to the challenge , they 're much more likely to get away when fail , because they do n't believe that failure is a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where my speech is , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead .
We need to take our best ideas , our strongest intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if you 've been successful , and we need to be willing to fail , get it wrong , to start everything again with the lessons that we 've learned .
In other words , we need to be determined about making our children more determined .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my most <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese character .
Since that time , I 'm going to get excited about this incredible language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can put down this wall , so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it .
I started thinking about how a new and rapid method of learning Chinese could be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
Chinese academic <unk> 20 characters .
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , menus menus , understand the basic idea of the web pages or the newspapers .
Today , I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it 's square .
They get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to give a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if he was yelling out , `` <unk> ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is <unk> in the form of flame , but I like to believe it 's the other way . It 's going to work .
This is a tree .
tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doors from a <unk> in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so that they believe many more characters .
A person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the old saying , two are company , three are crowd .
If a person stretch out your arms , this person is saying , `` It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth is caught up .
It 's a prisoner , just like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a table under the tree , we have the foundations .
You put a mouth on the tree , that 's a `` idiot '' Easy to remember , because a <unk> tree is quite an idiot .
Do you remember the fire ?
Two fires together , it 's very hot .
Three fires together , that 's a lot of fire .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burning .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , thriving .
Three together , those are flashes .
Put the sun and the moon shining together , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after a day and one night .
The sun comes out on the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Put a board inside the door , it 's the deadbolt out of the door .
Put a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
Did she hit , played there 's someone in home ?
This person is coming out hidden from a door , fleeing , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're discussing .
Three women put together , be careful , is urine .
So we 've already gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical eight will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with each small effort , they 'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same thing that you learn from an eight years .
So after knowing the characters , we started to create phrases .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know that Japan is the land of the rising sun .
This is a sun put in the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So a sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
A person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked over the other .
In the ancient China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , the exile has become .
A mouth that tells you how to go out is an exit .
This is a slide to remind me that I have to stop talking and drop off the stage . Thank you .
What I 'd like to be dad is the movies I come to see .
I love to share my favorite movies with my children , when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic wand .
But when you see that movie so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and we raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy shows .
But the magician 's magician was an event in itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took 40 years later with , interestingly , another movie whose protagonists , a little metal boy and a <unk> guy who was filled with a girl dressed as an enemy guard .
Do you know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two movies , there 's a couple of big differences between the magician 's magician and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician 's magician .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple ones .
But I think if The magician 's magician is done today , the magician would say : Dorothy , you 're salvation of Oz as prophecy .
You use magic shoes to defeat armies from the <unk> evil evil .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing from El Oz 's magician is that the most heroic characters , wise characters and even motherfucker are women .
I began to notice this when I did the Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I also had a son .
I 'm just three years old .
It was n't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the level of surveillance was down , so slid in the room and I was struck by a mother , and he was struck by her stones , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but it 's <unk> everything .
I wonder what perceived .
Would it be value issues , perseverance and loyalty ?
Would it be the feeling that Luke get one military to overthrowing the government ?
So let 's compare this to the magician of Oz from 1939 .
How wins Dorothy his movie ?
We do good crumbs with all of them and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow Oz , right ? And not a world of men who struggle , which is where we are .
Why is there so much force of F capital , force in the movies for our children , and so little of the yellow brick path ?
There 's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
Now , I know by experience that the <unk> princess does n't provide the right framework that I had served to navigate the world of adults who are mixed . I think at the moment of the first kiss , I really expected the credit to come up because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is over , I have a girlfriend .
Why still stand there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies really focused on the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior .
There are many exceptions , and defending the Disney princess to any of you .
But they send a message to kids , even though they , boys , are not really their target public .
They do a phenomenal job in teaching girls how to defend them against the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend your patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies of war .
Of course , the most successful issue of all time is continuing to appear in classic after classical , each of them about the adventure of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who are raising a girl .
Until , like many of you are thinking , this year , eventually came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's available in shops .
Do you remember what the criticism said when they came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let it stop .
Well , almost none of these films happens the proof of <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not quite roots , and it spreads , but maybe we 'll start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend about the evaluation of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's just three questions that should be done : In the movie , there 's more than a female character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
Are these women talking to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else apart from the guy than so much ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things each other .
It 's happening . I 've seen it , and yet rarely see it in the film we know and love .
In fact , this week , I went to see a very good quality movie , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> by Oscar , a box success , a consensus idea of what is a Hollywood Hollywood movie .
Pretty much , it 's not the proof of <unk> .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the movie happens in a embassy where men and women are hiding during the hostage crisis .
We have lots of these scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations on this hide , and it 's the great moment for one of the great actresses to take a look at the door and say : <unk> to bed , honey ?
This is Hollywood .
So let 's turn it into numbers .
In 2011 , of the 100 more popular movies , how many of them believe they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not bad .
It 's not the same percentage as the number of women we 've chosen recently to Congress , then it 's fine .
But there 's a bigger number that this is going to be disappointed in this room .
Last year , The New York Times published a study that the government had done .
This is what he said .
One in the United States , one in five women says that it 's been sexually assaulted in his life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for kids have something to do with that .
I do n't think music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something is wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things that I think is that there 's a lot of sex perpetrators .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What do n't we learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't talk ?
Are we getting that story back ?
You know , as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing , we find this world and this very alarming statistic , and we want to make them .
We have tools at our disposal like <unk> <unk> , and we hope that help , but I have to ask , <unk> <unk> is going to protect them if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children to keep their male power ?
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to make something really important , and here 's mainly to parents .
I think we have to show our children boys a new definition of manhood .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've got read about how new economics is changing the role that he comes home and from <unk> .
It 's all changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was his favorite character of Star Wars know what he said ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just a bright dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to enable them to achieve their potential .
They are leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories where I 'm telling my son , and it 's going to fight and struggle with more and more stories where you see that their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and be better people , like the magician 's magician .
Thank you .
As a child , I was living in Maine , and one of the things I liked was to look at sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that I would give myself lucky .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered with sand , and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to look for them .
I began to look at shapes and patterns that helped me <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love of the past and the archeology .
And finally , when I started studying <unk> , I realized to see with my own eyes was n't enough .
Because suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles away by the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to using satellite imagery .
To try and make a map of the past , I knew I had to see it differently .
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we 're using infrared .
This is a place located in the Eastern Delta of Egypt called <unk> .
And the place , in the naked eye , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared , and we process it using false color , suddenly the place looks like bright pink .
What you 're looking at is the real chemical changes of the landscape of the building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians .
I want to share with you how the satellite data we 've used to find an old <unk> city called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago .
The place lies in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
<unk> have always known that I was located located in somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that they built , which is indicated inside the red circles here , but somewhere inside this huge continuous circles .
This area is enormous , it measures about <unk> miles .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as it changed over time , he moved back to this , and covered the whole city .
So how do you find a city region in a long landscape ?
Try to find random it would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded , and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA samples from NASA to make a map of place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile has gone .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here , which we think might be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with the Egyptians doing sampling jobs -- you can see it here .
When I say sampling , it 's like the shots of it in ice , but instead of layers of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters down , below a thick layer of mud , we found a dense layer of ceramics .
This means that in this possible location in <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation for several hundred years that date out of the Middle Empire , exactly the same period that we think is <unk> .
We also found <unk> jobs -- <unk> , quartz and cat <unk> , which shows that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem that it 's not much , but when we think about the most common stones used in jewelry in the Middle Empire , these are the rocks they used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation on the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of a professional jewelry workshop who shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still do n't find any <unk> here , but let 's put it to the place in a nearby future .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make major discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire , which was probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
It 's the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So as it looks , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> .
Do the ideas actually happen in 1984 BC in a lost city , not for a long time , found out from high .
It certainly puts marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing out , front of the door of <unk> .
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door , the material that 's made .
Now let 's put a group of <unk> obese .
They 're competing in a race of bicycles , and they go in direction to your entry door .
I need to see this really .
They 're sweating strong , they 're sweating , they 're going jumping a lot .
And they collide against the door of their house .
There 's bicycles flying around , wheels that go back to their side , lightning wheels that end up in <unk> places .
The lobby , the hallway , or whatever there 's the other side of the door , and look at the quality of light . The light is shining on the <unk> of the <unk> .
He 's waving with the hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that speaks .
You can feel your blue fur tickle your nose .
You can smell the porridge cookie , and you pass it down to point in the mouth .
<unk> on the side and enter your living room .
Already in the room , I 'm doing maximum use of their imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
It 's with little clothes , dancing on his heart table , singing `` <unk> '' was `` The One Baby Baby . ''
Now follow me to cooking .
The ground has been coated with a road of yellow bricks and from the oven , and the <unk> and the Len is `` The Wizard of Oz , '' <unk> from the hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . Open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a wise person .
There were several men and a few different types of different ages and different habits of sanitation .
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers , looking at them alone .
They put the names of dozens and tens of strangers .
<unk> whole poems in just minutes .
<unk> to see who could memorize the order of a deck of cards .
And I thought , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature .
And I started talking to some of the competitors .
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when you realized that you were a wise ? ''
Ed replied , `` I 'm not a wise man .
Actually , I have an average memory .
All of those who participate in this competition say they have normal memory .
We 've been trained to perform these basic acts of memory using some ancient and a half thousand years ago in Greece , the same techniques that we used <unk> to memorize their speeches , and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books .
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did I have n't heard of this before ? ''
We were standing outside the room of the competition , and Ed , who 's a wonderful and brilliant English , but a little crank , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Do you meet Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize the order into a live cards live on national television .
That 's what you 'll try to do it in the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me .
I mean , you have to start with something right ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
So I ended up spending most of the year next year , not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why it does n't sometimes work and what its potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man named <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very likely to the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that I did n't even remember he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Somebody incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see how our memory makes us who we are .
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim Peek . In he was based on Dustin Hoffman in the `` Rain Man . ''
We went through a afternoon in the public library in Salt Lake City , memorizing telephone books ; it was sparkling .
And when I went back , I read a amount of treaties on the memory of writing something over 2,000 years ago in Latin , and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having a trained memory , disciplined and cultivated was not as rare as it might seem to you today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have made possible our modern world , but they 've also changed us .
We have become culturally , and I would say that they have changed us as also cognitive .
As we almost no need to remember , sometimes we have forgotten how to do it .
One of the last places on our planet where you still find people who are passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined and cultured memory is this particular memory of memory .
It 's not really so singular ; it 's kind of skills like this all over the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a group of researchers at University College in London invited a group of memory champions in the lab .
They wanted to know : Is it going to be brains in some way , structural , the rest of the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting difference and significant difference between the brains of the memory champions and the subjects of control that we compared to them .
When they put them in an MRI MRI machine , it <unk> their brains as they were seeing numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in memory champions , they were <unk> parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used , or they seemed to use , one part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament for competitive memorization is driving as an armed career where each year comes up with a new way to remember more things , more quickly , and then the rest of the competitors have to get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times champion of memory .
On his desk , in front of him , there are 36 <unk> of the messy cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and only he mastered .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of creating random digits .
Yes .
And while there 's a huge amount of ways to remember things on these skills , absolutely all techniques used to the end is just reduced to one concept that psychologists call `` <unk> coding . ''
It 's shown with a elegant paradox like the paradox of `` <unk> . ''
That 's his name .
And then I ask you , `` Remember , there 's a <unk> . ''
And when I go back later , and I ask you , `` Do you remember that word that I told you a while ? ''
`` Do you remember what it was ? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that his job is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different capability of memory -- that 's weird .
What 's going on here ?
Well , the name is Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
With all the other memories that dance for his head .
But the word `` <unk> '' -- we know <unk> .
They use white hats .
They have flour in your hands .
They 're going back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when we put that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> at some point back .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this two and a half thousand years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the palace of memory .
The story says this : There was a poet named <unk> I attended a meal .
They had hired him as entertainment , because before , if you wanted to give a very good party , they did n't bring a DJ , you would hire a poet .
He stood up , he took his poem out of memory , and left , and so soon it was , the hall of the dinner was collapsed .
killing everybody .
But not only killed all of them , but it shattered the bodies to go away .
Nobody could say who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting there .
So you could n't get the <unk> .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , standing outside , just one survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed my eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind , I could see where I 'd been sitting every guest .
I took the family of the <unk> hand where they were their loved ones between the rubble .
What <unk> <unk> at that time is something that we all know about intuitively , and it is that no matter whether we 're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual and visual memory .
If I had to tell you the first 10 words that I 've just told you the first 10 words that I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to make them very difficult .
But I would bet that if you tell me to tell who I was sitting on the horse <unk> in their lobby , they would be able to <unk> .
The idea of the palace of memory is to create this building with the eyes of their mind and <unk> from images with the things that you want to remember . The crazy , crazy , funny , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , is the more memorable image .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , to the first treaties of memory , in Latin .
And how does it work ?
Let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk , and they want to make it memory , in the same way that I would have done it if you would have been invited if you had brought it to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you could do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And there 's some kind of an absolutely ridiculous image , crazy and unforgettable to help you remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely <unk> competition .
And then you can imagine coming home to his house , and see the <unk> on <unk> Ed .
And that would remember you who want to introduce his friend Ed Cook .
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny story you want to tell .
And then they entered the kitchen , and the fourth issue that they would talk to would be that strange journey that made a year , and have some friends to help him remember it .
So it 's like Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which will confuse them , but typical by typical .
In fact , the `` typical '' term is from the Greek `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath from when people thought about speaking and the rhetoric with this sort of space terms .
The phrase `` First , '' would be like the first place in your memory palazzo .
I saw this was simply fascinating , and I got out of it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something long about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is a pathologically boring event .
Seriously , it 's like looking at a lot of people sitting taking tests . I mean , the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets stuck in the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put myself in place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit at the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an ancient school yearbook , bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was <unk> fun .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was fun , because it was n't just to train the memory .
What it 's really about to do is to make better more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous , sitcoms , <unk> , <unk> , preposterous , hopefully <unk> , in the eye of mind .
I was hooked on this .
This is me , using my standard team training for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and some security glasses covered with tape leaving just two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before , and I had the idea that I could enter , in a kind of participatory experiment .
I thought this could serve for a whole story of my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the competition , something that did n't happen .
Of course it 's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers , and shopping lists , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because they 're based on quite basic principles about how the brain works .
And it 's not necessary to put them to build off the memory or memorize cards of cards , to benefit from a little bit of insights on how their mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories get educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
<unk> when we really focus on .
The palace of the memory -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work , because they 're doing it .
It 's sort of a deep visual processing kind of view that most of it is n't <unk> out there .
But the reality is that there is no shortcuts .
That 's how things do are they make memorable .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , that 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that he had a memory problem , left me , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence in the Blackberries or iPhones , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks around us . We 're going to be so confident that we ca n't even be able to be able to process it ?
I learned from the first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you should be the type of person that remembers remember .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex issue , so we just put a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I 'm from Jordan Jersey , I was six years old and lived there at home of my parents in a village called <unk> , and this was my bedroom as a child .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom to share with my sister .
And in between my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there all of them spent the time watching TV . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody looked at me , and every time I went back and I went back into a towel , everybody saw me .
And I was like this .
I was awkward , unsure and hated it .
<unk> that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's architecture .
Ready .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , and of those gut , emotional , emotional connections that we feel in the places we deal with .
And it 's not surprising that we feel like that , because according to the Environmental Protection Agency , Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof .
So , 90 percent of the time we are surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
The architecture determines us in ways we do n't even notice .
That makes us a little bit naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what raises it , you think about power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know that you think about that , because we 're based on a building , two and a half thousand years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the U.S. 20th century , we use it to build houses .
Look , these stable , solid <unk> , versus the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful , because building things is terrifying .
It 's expensive , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build . <unk> and governments are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use shapes that you know are going to work .
So we found ourselves with buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library , which was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , he has a dome ; it has this round , columns , red brick , which let <unk> what 's going to communicate with this building : children , property values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library in today .
That same year , in 2004 , on the other side of the country , got another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital age .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to come together and read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side , it 's innovation , and architects constantly drive new technologies , new typologies , new solutions for life forms today .
We 're going to push them , we 'll sort and push them so much , we get away from people .
All of the black , this is <unk> us . You think we feel very well , but we 're going through it because we do n't have another choice .
We have to go to the other side and come back to these symbols , appreciated .
So we do , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we started experimenting again ; we 're starting to swing the pendulum back forward , again and again . So we 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course it 's , in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , 30 years ago in the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called `` <unk> . ''
It 's got to do with concrete .
You can guess .
<unk> small , at scale .
Something really hard .
So we zoom in to 80 , and we started to incorporate those symbols .
<unk> the pendulum again in the other direction .
We take those forms that we know that I like and <unk> .
We added neon and we added pies and we use new materials .
They love it .
We do n't give them <unk> .
We took <unk> closets and we turned them into skyscrapers , which may be medieval facts from glass .
The shapes were <unk> , they won in audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
The swans grew up to the size of buildings .
<unk> .
But it was 80 , that was great .
We all spend the time in commercial malls , we moved to the neighborhoods , and there , in the suburbs , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
Maybe with an infinite number of bread sticks .
This is what happens with the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , recreating memories of other places .
I do very well , and all of you know , this is not eastern Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
Architects feel frustrated , and we started making the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s , in the early 1990s , we started experimenting with the so-called <unk> .
<unk> the historical symbols ; we now have new computer design techniques , and we 're finding with new compositions -- a little bit of ways that would be played against other forms .
This is academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; you 're totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum will fire again in the opposite direction .
But then something amazing happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critics and academics and public , in general , were completely according to a building .
The New York Times newspaper <unk> this silver construction newspaper .
The tourism in Bilbao grew up a half percent when they ended up the building .
So suddenly , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first architect .
But how is it possible that these wild and wild and radical , how can we become ubiquitous all over the world ?
And it happened , because the media will spread around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these forms .
The same thing did the main mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon in the early millennium phenomenon went with other star architects .
It went to GCHQ and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects at the threshold of the new millennium , actually began to go through all the architecture -- digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption .
Think , for example , how do you use architecture .
A thousand years ago , you 'd have to have walked to the next town to see a building .
transportation is speeding up : you can take a ship , an airplane , can be tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all photographers in architecture , and the building gets beyond its physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
It does n't really do much time to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and in that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 more buildings , before I knew that I designed four years ago was a success or not .
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we found ourselves with buildings like this .
The <unk> was not a two-hour movement , but 20 years .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this , because we did n't have any idea how much the <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we are at the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or the elevator , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when the pendulum applies to the media , it starts to swing every time faster , and to get to being at both <unk> , and it 's actually <unk> the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the audience .
We can now make <unk> symbols , with emotional charge , of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> on Fire Island , in New York City .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was finished , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly the finished product , there was no surprises .
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer , when people began to come and share it in the social media , the building stopped being a building , it became a media , because these are not just images of a building , are the images that you did the building .
And as you use them to tell your story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with the collective memory , and when you load these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has n't only changed the relationship between us , but have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in those <unk> librarians .
If that building was built today , first we 're going to the Internet in search of new libraries .
I 'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation , innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can lead to the mayor of <unk> , people in <unk> , and tell them that there is no single answer to what it can be a library today .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experiment .
It 's all different now .
Now , architects are not that mysterious creatures that are using complicated words and complicated drawings , and you 're not a hapless audience who is not ever seen before .
Architects can listen , and you ca n't afford to fulfill the architecture .
That means that the pendulum was going to be a style to another , from one movement to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find appropriate solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different to the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what 's going to be a stadium .
This means that some robots can build our buildings , because we will finally be ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means that buildings were attributed to the whims of nature and not the opposite .
This means that a parking garage parking garage in Miami , Florida , can also serve for yoga or for yoga , or you can get married at night .
This means that three architects can dream of swimming on the East River in New York , and raising half a million dollars of the community together around that cause , is no longer a customer .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , such as this little names of names , as bully and <unk> as the animals that are going to look at .
Because it does n't matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects already know how to make more ecological and smarter and kinder buildings .
We 've been waiting for all of you to want them .
Finally , we 're not on opposite sides .
Find an architect , <unk> and work together to make better buildings , better cities , for a better world , because there 's a lot in play .
The buildings do n't just reflect our society , but they shape the way to smaller spaces : local libraries , the homes where we formed our children , and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned a year and started walking .
And it does that very cool , typical of the children in a year , <unk> , as if your body was moving too fast for their legs .
It 's totally lovely .
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is look in the mirror .
She really loves her reflection .
It 's laughing and <unk> , and it gives itself those big and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
And apparently , all of his friends do this , and my mom tells me that I used to do it , and he made me think : When stopped doing this ?
How is that that we 're suddenly not comfortable with our appearance ?
Because apparently we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google : `` Am I ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , you just want to be loved and fit .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
He 's got a bit of fear , it 's kind of confused because , even though her mom tells him all the time he 's beautiful , every day in school , someone tells him that he 's ugly .
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends , or friends in school says , does n't know who believing .
So a video of it itself , he publishes it on YouTube , and he says to others that please leave a comment : `` Am I beautiful , or am I ugly ? ''
Well , until now , <unk> has received more than 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so disgusting , who does n't even deserve to think about them .
We 're talking about a healthy , normal , current teenager that receives these answers in one of the stages of their life most vulnerable .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , mostly teenage girls trying to communicate in this way .
But what 's going to do this ?
Well , the teenagers today are almost never alone .
They 're under pressure from being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving `` I like , '' talking , sharing , publishing , this never ends .
Never before we have been so connected , it 's very often instant , so young .
As a mother told me , `` It 's like there 's a party in your bedroom every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that you 're going from hand with that are overwhelmed .
This environment , of being always connected , is <unk> our children to <unk> based on the number of `` I like , '' and the kinds of comments they get .
There is no division of life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what it 's real or what it is not .
And also , it 's very difficult to know the difference between what it is authentic and what 's being manipulated digitally .
What is the most prominent in someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are they looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the type of images that are covers of girls ' news .
<unk> size are still dominating our <unk> .
<unk> technique is a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> and # <unk> .
For those of you who <unk> it , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture of today .
It 's not hard to see what young people compare .
But kids are not immune to this .
It 's like the superhero stars of the sports , and the singers singers .
But what 's the problem with all of this ?
Well , we certainly want our kids to grow healthy , and they are good <unk> individuals .
But in a culture that was obsessed with image , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , the price of all of the other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and other aspects begin to suffer .
Six of every 10 girls do n't do something because they think you do n't look at them .
These are not trivial activities .
They 're fundamental activities for its growth as human beings and like contributors to the country of labor development .
31 percent , almost one of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They 're going to participate in the classroom arguments because they do n't want to call attention to their physical aspect .
One of five are not attending at all during the days when they 're not comfortable with it .
And in exams , if you do n't think you look at good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 're going to give you a lower note to the average of your companions who do n't care about it in the appearance .
And this phenomenon has been widespread in Finland , America and China .
And it 's been regardless of what they actually weigh .
So , to be very clear , we 're talking about as you look at you , not what you 're really .
The low self-esteem on its body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
adolescents with little self-esteem are doing less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , participate in more diet that can lead you to a mess .
They have low self-worth .
They are more readily easy to deal with the people around them and are at greater risk of depression .
And we think it 's all about what they make more risky decisions , like alcohol 's consumption and drug consumption , dramatic diet , aesthetic surgery , sex ages and no protection and no protection .
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing into the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether or not they have higher rates of rates .
Eighty percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day that they do n't feel secure with the way you see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that be ?
It 's about self-interest to each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , I do n't just take it very far .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key forms . The first one is that we have to instill confidence in your own body .
We have to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-worth .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs , without realizing it .
So we have to make sure that the program that our children follow , not only will have a positive impact , but also a durable impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas : the first one is the influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six aspects are points of crucial departure for anybody willing to provide education in body self-esteem that works .
An education is fundamental , but address this problem requires from each of us to take the driver 's seat , and let 's be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives .
challenge the status of the current people as women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell with the contribution of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts , or unless the determination or the success of a <unk> athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judge people who are , not as they look .
All of us can start by making it by assuming the responsibility for the type of images and comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not look like it .
And let me ask you : When was the last time you put a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as businesses , to change our culture , so that our kids will grow to valuing their whole person , valuing individuality , diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who are actually making a pedestal on a pedestal .
So , by making a difference in the real world , let 's get them to be the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're never seen as the <unk> of being who they are , or to reach what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives .
Who has in mind ?
A your wife ?
A sister ?
A daughter ?
A niece ? A friend ?
It could be simply the woman who 's at two seats away . What would it mean for her if it was released from that <unk> voice in her inside , that haunts himself because he would n't have long legs , you would need more thin , a cooler belly , smaller feet ?
What would it mean for her if we do n't want this to make the potential of that way ?
Right now , the obsession with our culture with images is holding back to everyone .
But let 's bring our kids the truth .
<unk> that the way you see is just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and as they do , and as they make us feel .
They 're <unk> at the self-esteem of our schools .
Let 's change each one of us , the way we 're talking about and compared to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year today , become agents of themselves tomorrow .
So let 's do it .
On November 5 , a gentleman called <unk> <unk> walked into a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Meir <unk> , the leader of the League of <unk> <unk> .
By <unk> initially , was innocent , but being in jail for the other minor charges , in the company of others , started planning attacks on a few <unk> of New York , including tunnels , synagogues , and the United Nations headquarters .
Fortunately , those plans were held by the FBI informant .
Sadly , the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center , could n't stop .
He would be convicted of his participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with a love of American mother , master school teacher , between the two they did everything possible for giving me happy childhood .
Only when I was seven years old , our family started to change .
My father taught me a form of Islam , which very few , even most Muslims , come to know .
In experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to reach the same things in life .
However , in all religion , in all human group , there 's always a small fraction of people who were getting away as <unk> to their convictions who think we have to use every possible means for everyone living as them .
A few months before arrest , he sat down with me and explained to me that in the last weekends , he and some friends , they had been going to shoot shot training on Long Island , to practice .
He told me that I would go to him the next day .
We got to the FBI <unk> <unk> that , without knowing our group , I was under the FBI .
When I was throwing my father down , my father helped me hold the rifle on my shoulder , and explained to me how to point about 30 feet .
That day , with the last bullet that I shot , I gave the little orange light on the target and , to surprise everyone , all the goal broke out .
My uncle went back to the others and in Arabic , he said `` <unk> <unk> . ''
From such a parent , maybe son .
Everybody , the comment made a lot of laughter , but just a few years later , I understood what they seemed so funny .
You saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
Those people later would be convicted of putting them a little bit charged with 700 kilos of explosives in the northern tower in the northern tower in the North World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt to another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had already moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood did n't allow me to do a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable close to someone already , it was time for packing and going to another city .
As I was always the new face of the class , I often was a victim of <unk> .
<unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but it will be the new of the class , silent and <unk> , was enough of ammunition .
So most of the time I spent my time reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons I did n't develop social skills , to say gently , for <unk> , I was n't prepared for the real world .
I was raised opera to judge people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or their religion .
So how could I open your eyes ?
One of the first experiences that I tested my thinking was during the presidential election of 2000 .
In a <unk> program where I participated in the National <unk> Convention , in Philadelphia .
My group became <unk> at the subject of juvenile violence , as I had been a victim of <unk> almost all my life , was something that I was feeling a lot of passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids with whom we had done , I was Jewish .
I took a number of days to go to the light this detail , and I realized that there was no <unk> between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and frankly , I felt very proud to have been able to overcome the barrier that all of life had made me believe it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer work at Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures , that experience turned out fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had taught me that <unk> was a sin and , by extension , all gay people were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there , in a show , and I could see that many of them were the most kind and less critical that I 'd seen in life .
Having been lucky , I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat kind , exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated .
And so I could contrast the stereotypes that they had taught me as a child , with the experience of interaction in real life .
I do n't know what it 's like to be homosexual , but I do know what trial is being judged by something beyond my control .
Then came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me being intellectually honest about my <unk> , and he helped me see that the race of people , religion or sexual orientation , they have nothing to do with the character .
In many ways he became my gift figure at a moment where I was desperately <unk> .
Sometimes , the inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother on how I was changing my way of thinking , and she told me something that keeps in my heart forever , while he 's alive .
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough dogmatism and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that time , I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all of that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life .
So why did I go out and get a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope somebody , someday , who is to try to lead to violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better way . That even though I gave myself to this violent ideology and <unk> , I did n't get to make a fan .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones , because of the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced in their lives .
For the victims of terror , against those meaningless acts , like rejection of my father 's actions .
So with this simplicity , I 'm shown here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that the kids do n't have to follow the paths of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you really . Thank you .
Right now there 's a film that is projects in your mind .
It 's an incredible <unk> movie .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> of what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your movie has smell and taste and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It 's got memories , as the moments of your childhood you project to your eyes .
And it 's constantly having a voice superimposed on your conscious thinking .
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything else .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths about the human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing you know more directly .
At least , I know I have a conscience .
I have no certainty that you are conscious .
Consciousness is also the reason for living .
If we were n't conscious , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time , it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are we not just robots that we 've got to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible for a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
Then there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for most of the 20th century , we 'll get that vision .
The psychology was active behavior , neuroscience is objectively a objectively brain , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED started , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After , 20 years ago , everything started to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` now it 's time for science to edit consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real explosion , a flowering of science work on consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that I showed Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not an explanations science .
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain that this kind of work in neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness . The questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what it correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
I did not offend neuroscientists .
Actually , there 's no easy problems with consciousness .
Well , do n't address the real mystery of this matter : why all physical processes in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective internal movie ?
Right now , we ca n't understand it .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to become another emerging phenomenon like traffic jam , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are all cases of emerging behaviors , how we operate traffic , how hurricanes work , how hurricanes work , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolizing the living organisms , and they 're all questions about the goal .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon : how we walk , how we 're talking about chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , questions about behavior are among the easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is all of the behavior accompanied by a subjective experience ?
And here is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually does n't have a lot to say .
I 'm a <unk> scientist .
I want a scientific theory of the <unk> that works . For a long time , I was beating my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work .
But at the end , I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for <unk> reasons .
I think we 'll get stuck at this point .
We have a bunch of wonderful explanations , great . We get used to this ; physics explains chemistry , chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit in this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is kind of an anomaly , something that we need to integrate our worldview , but we do n't know yet .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at the beginning look crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Their crazy idea is that there is no such a hard problem for consciousness .
All the idea of the internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion .
Actually , what you have to do , is to explain objective functions , the behaviors of the brain , and this is studying everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me , for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I go in a different direction .
Now , in the time I 'm left , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental building : space , time and mass .
<unk> fundamental laws that govern , like laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and fundamental properties do n't explain in terms of the most basic nothingness .
Instead , they 're considered fundamental , and that 's where the world is built .
Sometimes the key list is <unk> .
In the 19th century Maxwell was discovered that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass laws , Newton , and then applied the basic laws of electromagnetism , and applied the electric charge as a fundamental concept that laws govern .
I think that 's the situation that we find ourselves with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas , this space , time , mass , load , then by a matter of logic , you have <unk> .
The most natural thing would be to form consciousness as a fundamental brick , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that all of a sudden is not the object of science .
It opens the path to scientifically direct it .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass , physical processes .
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we could weigh them in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we might whisper on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what laws are , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Each system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision sometimes is called <unk> : <unk> , <unk> by mind , `` <unk> '' by mind , not only humans , dogs , mice , the flies , even the microbes of Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness .
The idea is n't that photons are intelligent , or think .
It 's not that a photon can be filled with distress when he thinks , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , no .
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of crude feeling , subjective , some primitive precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How did anyone think so crazy ?
And part of this comes from the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and mass , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like the others .
It 's also worth noticing that although the idea seems to us <unk> , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature .
And a deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that <unk> thinking with the physical process , it 's <unk> consciousness with information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there 's awareness .
<unk> of complex <unk> , like a human , complex awareness .
Simple information , simple information .
Something very exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and I developed rigorously .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the degree of information integrated into a system .
And it 's supposed to be about consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is an average degree of information integration , as well as significant , very significant awareness .
But when you get to worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> goes .
The level of information integration is less , but it 's not zero either .
In the <unk> theory , there is still a different level of awareness .
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness : high degree of consciousness , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate consciousness in the physical world .
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality behind the reality .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where is the fire out of the equations ? ''
From the vision of the physics of physics , you can leave them as they are , but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness .
In this vision , consciousness is that it puts fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not outside of the physical world as an additive species .
It 's right there at the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to promote our relationship with nature , and it can have pretty serious social and ethical consequences .
Some may be <unk> .
I used to think that I should n't eat anything that I had consciousness , then it must be vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you accept that vision , you 'll get a lot hungry .
I think that we think about it well , this tends to transform your visions , whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral moral , it 's not so much the fact of consciousness , but importance and complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha 's artificial intelligence in the <unk> movie ?
Is it conscious ?
According to <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing processing , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , there are pretty serious ethical problems about the development of intelligent , intelligent computers and <unk> .
Finally , you can ask for full collective consciousness , the planet .
Canada has their own consciousness ?
Or a more local level , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk , right now , we have a collective collective consciousness , an internal movie for this whole TED group , different from the internal movies in each of the parts of the world ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it 's a question that must take seriously .
So this view is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's correct .
I 'm actually more confident about the first crazy idea , that consciousness is fundamental , than the second one , that 's universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love it .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we 're going through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness .
If not , well , this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait for that overnight .
But I think we finally go to discover it .
Understanding consciousness is the real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the right idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
I had a very normal profile , a low education profile .
I went to school , I went to myself with my friends , I 'm going to wake up with my younger sisters .
It was all very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came to my parents , because I wanted to take it for a community award .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She 's actually not done anything . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good grades . After school , I had a low profile on my mother 's hair <unk> , and I spent a lot of time looking at the series `` The <unk> <unk> '' and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did nothing extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as an achievement if we took the disability outside the equation .
Years later , I was in the second part of teaching in a high school school in Melbourne , just after about 20 minutes at the 11 minutes at 11 , and he got a guy up , and he said , `` Hey , when will you give to your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What about speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking to you about law law for about good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your motivational speech .
When people in the wheelchair , they talk about things like <unk> in school ? ''
`` Usually in the classroom of acts . ''
And that was when I realized , this kid had had experiences with disability as inspiration objects .
And we are not . And it 's not guilt from the guy , it 's true for many of us .
For us , disabled people are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage <unk> what I do in this wheelchair , and you probably are waiting for them to inspire them . Right ? Yes .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid they 're really afraid .
I 'm not here to make it .
I 'm here to tell you that we have lied to the disability .
Yes , we have sold the lie that disability is a bad thing , A , capital M .
It 's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you fantastic .
It 's not a bad thing , and it does n't make you fantastic .
And in the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You may have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . ''
Or this one : `` Before leaving , <unk> ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a huge amount of them .
It may be you 've seen one , of the girl without my hands drawing with a pencil fighting for the mouth .
You may have seen a child running on carbon fiber legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use that porn porn term , because we 'd come into a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we 're going to bring the disabled disabled of people with no disability .
The purpose of these images is to inspire you , motivating , so we can see them and think , `` Well , because my life , it might be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost notice of the number of times that I 've been tackled by strangers to express that you believe that I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this was going to happen before my work had a public profile .
It was like me to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images are attached to people with disability with disabled people .
They 're there for you to see them and think that things are not so bad for you , or to put their concerns in perspective .
And life as a disabled person is actually something difficult .
I 'm going to do some things .
But the things that we overcome is not the things that you can think of .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled '' -- deliberately because I 'm going to call it to the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in than our bodies or diagnostics .
So I 've lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very <unk> with him .
And the things that I need to do , and I 've learned to take the best of your ability as well as you do , and that 's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well .
They 're not doing anything out of common .
They 're just using their bodies by taking the best of their ability .
So is it really fair to make it in the way we do it , by sharing those images ?
When people say to us , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' says it as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of the lie , because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us extraordinary .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here <unk> the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh my God , you 're not at times inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
<unk> from other people with disability at all .
Yet I do n't learn that I 'm younger than them .
<unk> that this is a great idea to use barbecue 's <unk> to pick up the things that they fall out , and let me get the ingenious trick of how to load the cell phone battery in the chair .
Great .
We learn from the force and resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnoses , but against a world that we 're going to have <unk> and <unk> .
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the biggest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social model of disability .
A lot of smiles in front of a stairs has n't made it become a ramp .
Never . It 's not going to happen to a television screen wo n't come up the subtitles for deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and radiating a positive attitude to convert all these books to braille .
It 's simply not going to happen .
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom watching `` <unk> The <unk> <unk> '' do n't considered to be considered not to be in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have as low expectations of the people with a disability that we 're going to be paying for the bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value genuine achievement from disabled people , and I want to live in a world where a child at the 11 grade in a high school in Melbourne is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a <unk> user .
Disability does n't make us remarkable , but question what you think about it , I know what it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to do augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a <unk> swallow ?
Unfortunately , I 'm just going to answer one of those questions , so please do n't get bored .
When people think about augmented reality , think of `` Minority Report '' and <unk> Cruise <unk> in the air , but augmented reality is not science fiction .
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for that , and people need to know , because augmented reality change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get augmented reality ?
The first step is what I 'm wearing : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that lets you see what I see .
It will allow them to experience what is being a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way of being in the field is that I try to make it <unk> .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you could fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , underneath a helmet and knowing what 's running through the game game at 100 miles an hour , the blood beating your ears .
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds to us , trying to convince them with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you that it 's nothing nice .
I 'm going to show you some videos to show what is using Google Glass under the helmet , and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not images of the NFL practices , because the idea of the NFL technology is a submarine rising to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's see a video .
Chris <unk> : Go .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
A moment . <unk> a little bit .
So ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's going to be <unk> in the football field , from the perspective of <unk> .
You may have realized that you have people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them from the University of Washington .
<unk> of field : Mice 54 ! mice 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Come on !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more like feeling in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
<unk> want that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field , will be their favorite players , and I 've wondered on YouTube and Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> .
<unk> ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get out of me , and how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called Rift Rift , which probably many of you know .
The Rift <unk> has been described as the most realistic reality apparatus ever created , and it 's not cheap <unk> .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh , oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a Russian coaster man in a Russian coaster to have his life .
What 's going to be the experience of a fan when you put a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , <unk> from a <unk> with the arm before the running arm and make a notation ?
When it can be <unk> running through the court , launching the ball into the bottom of the network , or <unk> making a Wimbledon hit ?
What is your experience when it goes out of a mountain over 100 miles an hour like a Olympic skier ?
Maybe the sales of diapers for adults .
But this is not even augmented .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we get augmented reality , <unk> ?
It will be augmented reality when coaches , <unk> and owners to see the information that people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they 're always using technology to win .
They like to win . It gives you money .
So , here 's a short primer on the NFL technology .
In 1965 , the Baltimore <unk> put a <unk> into his field <unk> to play it faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to animate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL placed on the <unk> of the <unk> of the field , and after the defenses .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more fun .
In <unk> , imagine that you 're a player coming back to your group , and you see your next couple of these days in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that you 're wearing . You wo n't have to worry about forgetting a way .
Or because of to memorize the strategy .
They just go into the countryside and react .
And the coaches want it because if they do n't follow instructions , they lose games , and they hate losing games .
If you lose games as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just an augmented manual strategy .
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How would it be ?
Well , a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium , having a view of the people at the bottom .
You also get information from the <unk> sensors and accelerometers , something that 's already been working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know send it .
The bad guys will have information overload .
This is going to happen to the good teams of bad guys .
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts and data analysis will stop being for nerds .
It 's also for athletes . Who would have imagined it ?
How would it be in the field ?
Imagine that they 're <unk> .
We 're going to get the ball and <unk> .
<unk> an open receptor . All of a sudden , a flashlight on the left-hand side of your bombsight will tell you that a defense behind you are going to go back to <unk> . Normally , you do n't really , but the system of <unk> will tell you .
<unk> the area of protection .
Another flashlight tells you that there 's an open receptor .
You 're going to get on the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , however , the receptor sees in its bombsight -- an area of grass that lights up and can change the race .
He 's approaching , he grabs the ball and runs and <unk> .
The general public , and the fans have followed the game from every angle .
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the party .
I 'm going to make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
<unk> want to be in the field .
They want to be your favorite player .
augmented reality will be part of the sport because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is : we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus , like our habitual entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy among humans , to show somebody how it is , literally , being in the place of another person .
We know what this technology is worth for <unk> sneakers .
It generates billions of income a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show a <unk> how harmful their actions are from the victim perspective ?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how they 're pursued ?
How much does it also for an innate <unk> or a Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than quarterly and <unk> notes ?
Ladies and gentlemen , the augmented reality is about .
The questions that we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , they depend on , as usual .
Thank you .
I recently retired after 23 years of service in the <unk> <unk> of California .
Now , most of those 23 years , I spent the <unk> end of the <unk> in <unk> County , including the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , which is known for its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its inspiring architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph Strauss , a chief chief engineer to build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much like suicide .
Sex from the bridge is not practical and likely .
But from its openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some of you think that travel between the two towers will take it to another dimension , this bridge has been idealized like such , so that each of them releases all of your concerns and the water , which pass below your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free <unk> of four to five seconds , the body hits about 120 miles an hour .
The impact breaks down the bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most of them die in impact .
The ones that do n't , usually they 're getting rid of the water , and then they drown .
I do n't think that the fact that we 've got this suicide method will realize the death of death that they 're going to face .
This is the cable .
Except about the two towers , there are 32 inches of parallel steel to the bridge .
Here 's where most people are in order to take their life .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is at that edge , and in the darker moment , it 's very difficult to bring them back .
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to a officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back over .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have formal training .
So let 's try to channel the path through these calls .
This was not just a bad service to those who were convicted of suicide , but the officers also .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , veterans and psychologists train new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him last year July last year when he gets a call from a possible subject subject sitting in the cord near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason talking with an Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was just 32 years old , and he 'd flown up to here from New Jersey .
In fact , I 'd flown up to two times before New Jersey to try and commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason , I asked , if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
He took up the Greek mythology , <unk> <unk> <unk> , and he sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well , one day , curiosity could more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
From she came out of pests , sorrows , and all kinds of evils against man .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and there 's no hope ? ''
He was stopped <unk> , he leaned on the right , and it was .
This kind of smart and smart boy from New Jersey had just taken life .
I talked to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , he did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the rabbi of the family called me to see how I was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
Stop suicide damage affect a lot of people .
I ask you these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or someone loved being suicide ?
What would you say ?
<unk> what to say ?
In my experience , it 's not just to speak , but you need to listen .
Listening to understanding .
Do n't <unk> , <unk> , or say to the person you know how it feels like , because you probably do n't know .
Just being there , you can be the inflection point you need .
If you think somebody 's suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and ask the question .
One way to ask the question is , `` Others in the similar circumstances have thought about ending your life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
They went to the front person in front of it can save the life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs to look for : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to get better ; <unk> , believe that there 's nothing you can do about it -- recent social isolation , and a lost of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got an email from a lady , and I 'd like to read you your letter .
She lost his son at the 19th of January this year , and he wrote this email just a couple days ago , and he 's with his permission and blessing I read .
`` Hi , Kevin . I guess you 're at the TED conference .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends and so on .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more moments of realizing that Mike wo n't go home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see the game of 49 with his father in January 19 .
He never got there .
I called the police of <unk> and <unk> it as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two official came to my house and reported that the car of Mike was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge to the <unk> of the day before .
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before bad without having a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
The <unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage across our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and go to the road that his son took that day , and also the value to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I 'm talking about hope and value .
On March 11 , 2005 , I said to a radio call for a possible man on the sidewalk near the north tower .
I led my motorcycle on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , he crossed immediately the railing , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the time and the next half , I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and despair .
Kevin decided by his account that day come back on that lane and give life another opportunity .
When Kevin came back , he <unk> it .
`` This is a new start , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was it that he did you go back and gave him hope , and the life of another opportunity ? ''
And you know what he told me ?
He said , `` You 've heard me .
You leave me talking , and you just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother of Kevin , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to get it to you .
`` Dear Lord <unk> , nothing to erase the <unk> events of March , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin continues with us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> for help .
It 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which he 's been properly properly .
She brought Kevin back to Kevin when I was six months old , completely unconscious of all those traits , but thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as he says .
We thank God for you .
And I do n't get debt with you , <unk> <unk> . ''
And at the end she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General San Francisco in San Francisco that night , you 're going to look like the patient .
`` Well , I know what I had to solve . ''
Today , Kevin is a parent loving and a member of society .
It talks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story will inspire others .
Sex is not just something I 've ever found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather killed himself with poison .
That act , despite finishing its own pain , stealing the opportunity to meet me .
This is what suicide does .
For most people with suicide , or those who look at suicide , you would n't think about harm to another person .
They simply want their own pain .
Usually , this is actually achieved by three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or death .
In my career , I 've said , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and calls of suicide around the bridge .
Of those incidents I 've been directly involved with , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other was a man who talked to him about an hour .
And during that time , I 'm holding my hand on three times .
At the end , he looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And I jumped .
Awful , absolutely horrible .
I want to tell you , however , that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact with that bridge is not <unk> .
Also , those few of you who have jumped from the bridge and lived and that you can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the second that they leave the railing realized that they had made a mistake and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does n't only connect to <unk> with San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that everyone and every one of us must be working with .
Sex can prevent .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your interior , you know what you are , and a question will tell you : How do you become that ?
I must be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone , I 'm not alone .
When I became a model I felt that I had finally gotten the dream that I had ever had since .
My outside finally was consistent with my inner truth with my inner self .
For complicated reasons , I 'm going to address that picture , when I look at this picture , I think , you 've got it <unk> , you got it , you came .
But last October , I discovered that , barely , I 'm starting .
We all become our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of them have the courage to get rid of the limitations of the skin , or the beliefs of those around us .
They are people who always challenge the status quo , which is accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent even ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called the revelation .
This is mine .
I was recorded as a child at birth because of the appearance of my genital .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my house , I was always wearing this t-shirt in my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why are you always wearing that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew how to go .
The gender always has been considered an unchanging , but now we know that , really , it 's a bit more complex and mysterious .
Because of my success , I never got to share my story , not because I thought to be what I 'm bad , but how the world deals with those of us who want to free free .
Every day I appreciate it .
I have my mom , Dad and a family that gets me as I am .
Many are not so fortunate .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu god , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight years old , I was at a party in the Philippines of these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me , and I remember that moment as if something <unk> me : This is the kind of woman I wanted to be .
And when I was 15 , when I was still wearing a man , I met this woman named <unk> .
It 's the principal of a transgender beauty competition .
That night she asked me , `` Why have n't you ever been in the beauty pageant ? ''
He told me that if he participated , he was responsible for the inscription costs and the costume and that night , he won in the bathroom , won in <unk> and stood around 40 years between over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside the world of the <unk> of beauty .
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was from beauty 's beauty of transgender women , but I can .
I also met the goddess of homeless , especially when we traveled to remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom , who had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that he passed my application from the green card that I could go to live in the U.S .
I was resistant .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then two weeks later , he called me and said , `` Do you know if you wanted the U.S. to change your name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested to me to put two `` and '' to my name .
She also sat at me when I was sent in Thailand to age 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand to do the most sophisticated , sophisticated surgeries .
At that time in the U.S. , you need to be done surgery before they changed the name and gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name of <unk> and `` F '' of gender women .
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me it was the license for living , to feel dignified .
Suddenly , my fears saw themselves .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and being a model .
Many are not so fortunate .
I think of this woman of <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York City who lived his truth , but he <unk> , he did end his life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live in .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20 of November we do a global vigil for the <unk> Day of <unk> .
So I 'm on this stage because of a long story of people who are <unk> and stood up to injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia <unk> .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't continue to live my truth and just for me .
I want to do the best to help the others to live their truth without shame , or fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that some day there is no longer ever before 20 in November .
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am .
You will do that ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You see , first , thank you with all my blessings .
My support network , my parents , especially , to my family , which is very strong .
I remember all the times I 've been to trans young people , who I 've gathered , and sometimes , when they called me , and they told me that their parents could n't accept it , I would take the phone , called my mom , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's only gender identity , that 's what 's in the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we all assigned a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes it would have a block , and that there should be a space that would allow people to go , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and ask questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many , tribal societies , the parents , the parents are usually told about their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who are known to her daughter and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started their campaign by defending his rights in 2007 , and when his efforts became released in 2011 , at <unk> the National Peace Prize , it became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , I was my daughter , but now I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you take a look at the history of humanity , the story of women is the history of injustice , of inequality , of violence and exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal societies , just from the beginning , when when I birth a girl , his birth is not celebrated .
Not welcome , not by his father , not for his mother .
The neighborhood comes , gives you the mother , and no one to get the father .
And a mother takes a lot to have a child .
When he went to the first girl , the first daughter , he gets sad .
When he gave birth to the second daughter , she was <unk> , and with the hope of a son , when he shines his third daughter , he feels guilty like a criminal .
Not only the mother suffers , but the daughter . The newborn daughter , when he grows , he suffers as well .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , it 's got home and the school admits his brothers .
At the age of 12 , somehow , it has a good life .
You can have fun .
It can play with his friends on the street , and he can move around the streets as a butterfly .
But when it comes in adolescence , when it 's 13 years old , she 's advised him to come out of his house without a male companion .
It 's confined to the four walls of their house .
It 's not a person free .
It becomes the honor of his father and his brothers and his family , and if you put the code of that honor of the honor , it could even kill .
And it 's interesting that the honor of honor , not only affect the life of a girl , also affects the life of male members of the family .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness of her sisters in the name of honor of the honor .
And there 's a norm of the patriarchal societies that 's called obedience .
A good girl must be very smooth , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be silent and accept the decisions of their father and their mother and the decisions of the elderly , even if he does n't want .
If the marry with a man who does n't like it or whether the marry with an old man , he has to get it , because he does n't want to be afraid of <unk> .
If you get young girls , you have to accept it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens to the end ?
In words of a poet : `` The marry , the <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson to her daughter and the same lesson of honor to her children .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
<unk> brothers and sisters , when he was born , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at his eyes , believe me , I felt extremely honored .
And much before I was born , I thought about his name , and I was fascinated with a legendary <unk> of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> <unk> , and he called my daughter like this .
But when I looked , all of them were men , and I grabbed my pen , and I plotted a line from my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when I was four and a half and a half and a half years old , I was calling her in my school .
You may be wondering , why should I mention the admission of a girl in a school ?
Yes , I 've got mentioning .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in the poor countries , in the patriarchal societies , in the tribal societies , is a great event for life 's life .
<unk> in a school means recognition of his identity and his name .
One admission to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and aspirations that can explore their potential for their future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks earlier , when they were going to get the form of a Canadian visa , and I was in the relative part of the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason that value to my daughter .
What my father could not give my sisters and their daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence of my daughter .
The <unk> to sit with me when my friends come to see me .
I encouraged them to go with me to different meetings .
And all of these values , I 've tried to do it on their personality .
And this was n't just for her , just for her .
I 've made all of these good values in my school to girls and boys alike .
I used education for emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of compliance .
I taught students to forget the lesson from the so-called <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , <unk> for more rights for women , and <unk> to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights and , in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of the participation of women in all the political and economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls were banned from going to school .
The women were forced to use them and stopped going to markets .
Musicians were silenced , the girls <unk> and the singers killed .
<unk> millions , but a few of them talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you 're talking about your rights .
It 's really frightening .
At 10 years , she got up and got up the right to education .
He wrote a BBC journal , he was offered herself for the documentaries of the New York Times , and I talked about every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
It 's <unk> as a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could n't tolerate his campaign and October ninth of 2012 , was shot at <unk> in his head .
It was one day <unk> for my family and me .
The world became a big black hole .
While my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered in my ear to my wife , `` Should I blame my daughter , and my daughter ? ''
And <unk> said to me , `` Please do n't give you .
It 's <unk> the fair cause .
<unk> your life in play because of the truth of peace , because of the cause of education , and your daughter was inspired by you and joined you .
Both were on the right path and God protect . ''
These few words would be a lot for me , and I did n't ask the question again .
When I was in the hospital , and he had severe pains and strong headaches because his facial nerve was cut , I used to see a dark shadow that was held by my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm okay with my smile <unk> and my face on my face .
I 'm going to do good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was a solace for us , and it was <unk> .
<unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from her how to resist the moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women , it 's like any girl in 16 years .
He 's crying when he did n't run .
They fight his brothers , and I 'm very happy about that .
People ask me , `` What 's special about my mentoring that has done so audacious to <unk> so brave , expressive and <unk> ? ''
I 'm not wondering what I did .
I did n't know what I did n't do .
He did n't cut his wings , and that 's all .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> of the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , the science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that I 've recently joined the <unk> group , and I want to tell you that I 've had a <unk> in my charge -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but all the work that I 'm talking about today about the science of the brain , I did it before I join Google or outside of my work there .
Having said this , there is a stigma when you 're going to get into a brain operation .
You 're still like smart or not ?
Is n't you going to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't the gray matter , but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , from more than a dozen powerful chemicals every day , because if I did n't take anything , she would die in a few hours .
Every day , over the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mixes with chemicals , and try to get it , to keep with life .
I 've been saved by a little bit .
But luckily , I have a <unk> soul , so I decided that I would do to try and get the dose that there is n't a clear map that says it in <unk> .
I started testing different mixes , and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
A particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried a dose and a typical <unk> for a man in 20 , and I was surprised when I saw my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I was thinking all the time in sex , and I believed that it was the smartest person around the world , and -- of course , many times in the past , I 've met various types of guys , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out like an extreme .
But my great surprise was I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , and I was trying to , very insecure , fixing a problem that had the front , and it simply does n't happen like that .
So , I could n't handle it .
I changed my dose .
But I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation of the men and what they have to go through . I 've got better with men .
What I was trying to do is to adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , it was regain my intelligence after the disease and the operation , my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I used to think about it almost always in images , and that became my key point of reference : how to get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want to ?
This kind of thoughts is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes , looked at things like that .
They thought the images and mental ideas were the same thing .
Now , there are the people who challenge this idea , and there are lots of discussions about how the mind works . For me it 's simple : for most of us , mental images are fundamental to the <unk> thinking and inventive thinking .
So , after several years , I could find the point right , and I have already lots of great mental <unk> , really , really sophisticated , <unk> , well .
Now , I 'm working on how to get these mental images , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what if a movie conductor was able to use its own way to run the world that 's only going on ?
Or if a musician could get the music from your head ?
There are incredible possibilities with this , as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty for doing this is simply increasing the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments that were made by two groups leading to neuroscience .
Both used MRI , MRI , MRI is functional MRI , to represent the brain , and here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and their Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the scan of a person that looks at an image .
The middle column shows the brain scan of that same individual as I imagined , looking at that same picture .
The column on the right was created <unk> the contents of the core column on the left .
This was <unk> in many different individuals with many different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost zero .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is the lab of Jack <unk> in Berkeley , California .
They were able to turn the brainwaves into your own visual fields .
So let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , I showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos of YouTube , while their brains are going to create a great pool of reactions in the brain of video sequences .
Then , I showed you a movie with new images , new people , new animals , and while they 're getting into a new scan .
The computer , using only brain information in the scan , to show you what it seemed like the person was seeing .
On the right , you can see the inference of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This left us <unk> .
We 're pretty good about it .
We just need to improve resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , it 's created in the brain the same map .
This is led to the world 's biggest resolution systems available today , and its resolution is increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution of a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There are a lot of techniques to do that .
One is to open your skull and introduce electrodes .
I 'm not offering you for that .
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques for images , even me . Tell the recent result of the MRI , first we have to ask the next thing , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets , but at this point , magnets will only offer small improvements in the resolution , not for thousands as we need .
I propose this idea : instead of larger magnets , make better magnets .
We can create a lot more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a huge amount of effort in the MRI went to make really large magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent breakthroughs in <unk> of ingenious , brilliant solutions in coding and <unk> , in transmitters , FM receptors in the MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use comprehensive <unk> patterns to FM radio frequencies .
So by combining the magnetic patterns with patterns of FM 's frequencies , we can dramatically increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
Also , we can then divide our growing knowledge of the brain structure and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
By using <unk> , we should be able to measure not only the <unk> blood fluid , but the hormones and <unk> I mentioned , and maybe even neural activity . This is sleep .
We 're going to be able to turn our ideas directly to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could spend above language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how will we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are great questions .
It would be compelling to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking skills and communication .
Certainly , this same tool could lead to Alzheimer 's and similar diseases .
We have a few options that will open up this door .
Anyway , you choose a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine it will take much more .
We have to learn how to take this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet , and not in a traditional sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have closets .
His closet may be telling some person for the first time you love her or tell someone who 's pregnant , or say to someone who has cancer , or any other difficult conversation that you 've gone through in life .
And all of the closet is a difficult conversation , and even though our issues can vary tremendously , experience of having lived and out of that closet is universal .
Day fear , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working in the South Side of <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and I was there , I had to go through several stages of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : not <unk> my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> gave Franco as a litany .
And I 'll be slope that by the <unk> of my pants , and I 'd come up with my head -- I would usually ask myself a little boy , `` Hey , are you a kid or girl ? ''
And there would be uncomfortable at the table .
I took my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a little bit of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper and the mother launched a cold look at his son .
But I would n't say anything , and I 'm going to go through it .
And I got to the point that every time I was going to a child between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that next time I would say something .
It would be that difficult conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A familiar silence , but this time was ready , and I was about to go in a full of women 's issues on the table .
Special Steinem dates .
Even a fragment of the `` Vagina Monologues '' showing .
So I took a deep breath and I went down , and I went back and forth , and my backs , a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , staring at what 's not a challenge for a feminist duel , just a girl with a question : `` Are you boy or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath again , and I got a lot about it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something confusing .
I have the short hair like a guy 's little boy , and I have seen boy clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to use a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas .
Well , I 'm more than a girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me , paying attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all .
What about the <unk> I asked ? ''
It was the easy conversation that I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl of the <unk> and I , both , were honest the one with the other .
So , as many of us , I 've lived in some closets in my life , and I know , often , my walls used to be a rainbow .
But inside , in the darkness , you ca n't know what the walls are .
You just know how one feels like living in a closet .
It 's like my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours .
Surely , I 'll give you a hundred reasons why to come out of my closet , it was harder than coming out of yours , but this is the issue : the hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell me to explain to someone who have declared them on broken banking is harder than saying it 's been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I 'm telling is more difficult than telling your five-year-old , who are going to be <unk> ?
There 's no more difficult thing , it 's only hard .
We need to stop classifying what it is difficult to be difficult to make it feel better or worse in relation to our closets , and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard .
Somewhere in our lives , we all live in closets , and you can make them feel safety , or at least more security than the other side of the door offers .
But I 'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are made , a drawer is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago .
I , who had a horse tail , a dressed and heel shoes .
I was n't the militant lesbian ready to fight any child in four years to go into the coffee .
I was frozen by fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet <unk> my gay grenade , and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing ever done .
My family , my friends , strangers that I 've spent my whole life trying to do it , and now the world turned around by purpose .
He was burning the pages of a script that we 've all followed for so long , but if you did n't get that grenade , you 'll kill you .
One of my launches on my wildest sister was in my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that I was gay , and when I do my favorite woman 's jobs , in my black dress and heels . I walked around tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were , people who were told me to do years .
And after talking a moment , one of the women screamed , `` I love Nathan Lane ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had begun .
`` Did you have ever been in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yeah , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , you know my <unk> ? ''
It 's very good , and it has never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ? ''
Our favorite show ? Will and Grace and Grace ?
And you know who love you ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling , but hopefully I 'm desperately expecting his support , to get me to know that I was on my side , finally said to abruptly , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time , like you have all the launchers launch .
Surely , it might have been easy to indicate where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and realize that they were <unk> .
And what else can you ask someone , but try ?
If you 're authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
That 's how hard conversations are still without being my strong point .
Ask anybody that I 've gone out .
But I 'm getting better , and I still like to call the three principles of Girl <unk> .
Now , please see this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it means to get out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be true .
<unk> your armor . Be you .
That girl in coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle .
If you want somebody to be genuine , others must know that we also suffer .
Number two : Be direct . They just come up . They 're pushing up your patches .
If you know that they 're gay , you 're going to go .
If they say to their parents that maybe they might be gay , they will maintain hope that that could change .
Do n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more importantly , let 's give them complex .
You communicate their truth .
You would never get rid of that .
And some of you can get safe wounded , they can get away from what they 've done , but I never 'm sorry for what they are .
And yes , maybe some you feel disappointed , but that 's something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not their own .
That 's the story of them , but not from you .
The only story that matters is that you want to write .
So the next time you find yourself in a dark closet , you have to know that we 've all been there before .
And you may feel very lonely , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
Intelligence , what is that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has seen , an example of productive example has been the famous quote by <unk> <unk> that `` The question of if a machine can think of as interesting as a question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this as a critique to the pioneers of the computer as Alan Turing .
And so , a few years ago , we 've got a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence .
So let 's step back a step .
First , we start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that they are from an alien race , that you do n't know anything about the biology of Earth or neuroscience of Earth , but they have incredible telescopes , and you can look at the Earth , and they have incredibly long lives , so you can look at Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , as Earthlings , we know the reason that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that there is no concept on Earth intelligence , you would see how to develop a physical theory that would explain how to , until a certain time in time , the asteroids that were going to make the surface of a world-changing planet .
And so I claim that this is the same question to understand the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that led to several years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , that pointed , I think , to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be fixed to the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that we 're going to have the potential of possible potential .
Finally , in the planning of robotic movement , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the robots of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks .
And so taking all these different subjects and <unk> together , I asked , for a number of years , there 's an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of an E = <unk> for the intelligence that I have seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize the future freedom of action , or keeping options open , with a force you , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yes , to an impending future , exponentially .
In a nutshell , the intelligence does n't like getting caught up .
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintaining open options .
And so having this equation , it 's natural to ask , what can you do with this ?
How cool is it ?
Do we have the level of human intelligence ?
Are we doing artificial intelligence ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , I 'll show some of the surprising applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy '' , during their life , should have tendency to conditions more favorable to the existence of intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological connectedness is between entropy and intelligence to make a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior does n't just relate to the production of entropy , but actually it arises from it ?
To find out , we 've developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in the long term in any system that you find inside .
Amazingly , <unk> was able to spend multiple animal tests , play games of humans , and even winning money by trading actions , everything without being told to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human foot without falling off , here we see <unk> <unk> , using a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave them a goal .
He just decided to balance the pole .
This ability of balance will have applications for humanoid robotics and technology of human assistance .
This ability to use tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling off the <unk> points of a rope at the same time to release food , here we see that you can make a version of the model of that task model .
This ability to cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable in a variety of domains .
For example , here we see it successfully play a game game game against itself , allowing their potential to play .
Here we see <unk> new connections in a social network where friends are constantly ventilated , and it keeps successful the networked network .
This same <unk> ability also have applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we see <unk> to organize the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand globally its reach from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , it 's widely applicable in defending defense , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and execute a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated series of action negotiation , successfully increasing assets under their exponentially exponentially .
This ability of risk management will have vast applications in finance and insurance .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools , walking upright and social cooperation , all derive from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a profound irony .
So let 's go back to the beginning of the term I use the term , the work `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if you were intelligent machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
Machines got up against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades , we 've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion in reverse .
It 's not that machines first become intelligent and then <unk> and try to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the urge to take control of all future possible is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence , that general intelligence can actually emerge from taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the goal .
I 'm often asked , how do you search for goals come from this kind of frame ?
My equivalent to that statement to move to the descendants of them to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We are at an inflection point in human history , something between the conquest of the stars and losing the planet that we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've expanded dramatically our knowledge of how the Earth fits the Earth in the context of the universe .
The Kepler Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars , which points that the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the dim light intensity of stars when planets go ahead of them , and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us .
The data gathered by Kepler shows the sizes of planets in addition to the distance there and their mother star .
Together , this helps us to understand if these planets are small and robots like the Earth 's planets of our solar system , and also the amount of light that they get from their suns .
Instead , this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , while we 're finding this treasure treasure of worlds potentially livable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
2014 was the hottest region .
<unk> and sea ice that have been with us for millennia , now they 're disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we have caused on global scale have surpassed our ability to disrupt their course .
But I 'm not a climate scientist , or an astronomer .
But I study the <unk> of the planet influenced stars , with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
I could say that I look for alien opportunities in the property sector .
Now , as someone very interested in search for life in the universe , I can tell you that the more planets like the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each one of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered and planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> and despite being a little further from the sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world demonstrated this by a mission as the Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past , and part of it is why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> as the `` Curiosity '' tracks its surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit , like the <unk> mission , are taking samples from the atmosphere of Mars , and they try to understand how Mars has been able to lose its Goldilocks .
Companies are now providing not just short space flights , but also the potential of living on Mars .
But despite that all these <unk> images remind us of our planet , places that are linked in our imagination with ideas and pioneer , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that we still have to colonize , places really reflect on comparison to Mars .
Even in the dry places on Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen <unk> by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away .
I worry about this excitement that this excitement by colonization of Mars and other planets will fall into a great and sad shadow : the implication and the belief that Mars would expect to save us from this <unk> self-destruction of the only planet that we know is truly livable .
So I 'm in a long way that I like the interplanetary exploration , I disagree with this idea .
There 's a lot of good reasons to go to Mars , but to say that Mars will be there to safeguard humanity is like figuring out that the captain of the Titanic will have place later on a lifesaver . Thank you .
But the goals for hypersonic exploration and the terrestrial exploration is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same coin : the goal of understanding , to preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments present in our world look like Doug aliens .
They 're just getting closer home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in hostile and inhospitable spaces of land , maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
So I 'll leave you with a thought experiment , the Fermi paradox .
A lot of years ago , Enrico Fermi physicist asked : realizing that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of the existence of extraterrestrial life so far .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to Fermi 's paradox is that when civilizations become advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars , they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that are developing this development .
It 's arrogant to think that only colonization colonization we save ourselves , but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to attach to the hostile environments of Mars to the human presence , then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the <unk> on Earth .
Thank you .
And a few years ago , I 'll take my own home .
And while I was on my front porch looking in my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window that they were at the dining table where he had left them .
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought I 'd call a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> might take a long time to get , and it was cold .
I could n't go back to my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had a early flight to Europe in the morning , and my suitcase of my passport and my suitcase .
It 's expensive , but it 's certainly not more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , there 's OK to stop .
I 'm a neuroscientist of a profession and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases your heart rate up , you get the levels of adrenaline and <unk> the thinking .
And when I got to the <unk> counter , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a lot of time to think about that eight hours without sleep .
And I started to wonder , if there was something I could do , systems that could put in place , that you can prevent bad things .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that you 're going to make the probability of a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts do n't go .
I was having dinner with my colleague , Danny <unk> , winning the Nobel Prize , and a little embarrassed I talked about that I broke the window , and that I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called hindsight <unk> .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written from this a few years before , as well as the <unk> .
Everybody knows what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come and trying to figure out what went wrong . Right ?
In <unk> , as Danny explains , you 're looking forward and trying to figure out all the things that could go wrong , then they try to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk to you is a few things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious .
In the house , I was going to take a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds like common sense , and it 's , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called the hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to track the location of the important things , where the good is , where the fish are , that places the trees are , where the tribes live and enemies live .
So , the hippocampus is the part of the brain that was <unk> in the <unk> of London .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if you ask yourself if somebody really did the experiment , cut sense of squirrels , they were still able to find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but they did n't use the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move much , not so good for things that move too much .
This is the reason to lose your car keys , from reading and passports .
So in my house , I would take a place for keys , a hook next to the door , maybe an decorative dish .
For your passport , a particular crate .
For your reading glasses , a particular table .
If you go to a place and they 're <unk> , your stuff will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take a picture of your credit cards , license driver , passport , <unk> by mail to themselves so they 're in the cloud .
If you 're missing or steal them , it can facilitate substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when it 's under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> thinking .
So part of the practical practice is to recognize that under stress we wo n't be at the best moment , and we have to put the systems on their site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we will all be in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> as a <unk> for all decision-making decision-making , and in fact to make financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that we have to take from that they would benefit from the rational assessment of facts .
So let 's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've gotten the outcome of the lab and your cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
Everybody knows that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease , attack the heart , stroke .
So you 're thinking that you have high cholesterol is n't the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug to help reduce your cholesterol . ''
And maybe you 've heard about <unk> , and you know it 's one of the most prescribed medications in the world today , even likely to know people who take them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yes , I 'll get the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you should do then , a statistic that you should ask for that most doctors do n't want to talk , and companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number you need to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or have surgery on any medical procedure before you help a person .
And you need to think about what kind of statistical statistic is that ?
The number must be one .
My doctor did n't tell me something if I was n't going to help me .
But actually medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not guilt from the doctor , and if you blame someone , it 's from scientists like me .
We have n't understood very well the underlying mechanisms .
But the estimates of <unk> that 90 percent of drugs is just 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number need to treat the most widely <unk> <unk> , which you think is ?
How many people have to take it before helping a person ?
300 .
This is according to the research of researchers to cynics and Pamela <unk> , <unk> <unk> by <unk> .
I could explore the numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack , stroke , or another adverse event .
Now you might think , `` Well , a chance in 300 of you get my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? <unk> the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistic , and it 's , `` <unk> of side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects occur in five percent of patients .
And those include terrible things : debilitating pain and articulate pain , but they 're now thinking , `` Five percent are not very likely to go to me , still take medicine . ''
But a moment .
Remember that under stress do n't think clearly .
So you think about how we do this with time , so they do n't have to make the kind of reasoning of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped , five percent of the 300 people have side effects , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that you can help the drug .
I 'm not saying they had or not to take the <unk> .
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor .
The medical ethic requires , is part of the beginning of informed consent .
We have a right to have access to this kind of information to begin on if you want to take risks or not .
Maybe you 're thinking that I 've launched this number in the air of the crash value , but actually this number need to treat it is quite typical .
For the surgery that is done in the older men in the age of 50 , <unk> of prostate cancer , the number of the need to try is 49 .
This is , 49 surgeries for a person who helped .
And the side effects in that case is produced by 50 percent of patients .
Those include helplessness or erectile dysfunction , urinary incontinence , <unk> fecal incontinence .
And if you 're lucky , and it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects just give you a year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think about before the questions that you can argue that we will take the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all of this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , they want a shorter life , or a longer life that might have much pain at the end ?
These are the things that they talk about , and they think about their family and their loved ones .
They can change your view in the heat of the moment , but at least you are trained in this kind of thinking .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that time is that it turns out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face face with a predator , not necessary the digestive system , or libido or immune system , because if your body is spending the body in those things , it does n't react very quickly . You could get the lunch for lions , so none of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the rational logical thought , like Danny <unk> and their colleagues have shown .
So we 've got to ask ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that all of us are rejects .
We 're all going to fail in a time .
The idea is to think about the future how those failures could be , to put the systems in the place that will help to minimize harm , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
I went back to the snow night in Montreal , when I returned from my journey , my contractor -- I settled on a lock of combination with the door , with a key to entry door in the same way , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I have n't ordered , and lots of messages I have n't read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` <unk> '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means play softly .
If you 're playing a musical instrument and you see a <unk> on the score , you need to play more gently .
Two <unk> , even more gentle .
Four <unk> , extremely soft .
This is my drawing of a <unk> tree , and there you see it does n't matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> can have , never made a complete silence .
That 's my current definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs , the <unk> , in addition to my own story .
The French sign language came over the 1800s , and over time , it mixed up with local signs , and the language we know today as <unk> .
So it 's got a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf deaf , and I was taught to believe that sound was n't a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
However , now I realize that it 's not true for nothing .
The sounds are a very important part of my life , really , in my mind every day .
As a fellow deaf person who lives in a world of sound , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , tracking their rules , customs , behaviors and norms .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify sound .
<unk> and <unk> that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example ...
`` You ca n't hold the door ! ''
`` Do n't do much noise by eating the bag of the potato chips ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , make sure the covered in the dish . ''
So I call it `` sound label '' .
Maybe I think of the sound tag more than the average person does it .
I 'm super suspicious of the sounds .
And I 'm always waiting for drawing the sound , which is coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , for deciding .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , by announce .
You can see that <unk> does n't have notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through the subtle <unk> and blobs .
In the culture , the movement is the equivalent of sound .
This is the sign for `` <unk> '' in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , to do whatever with my thumb is not natural .
That 's why I just have four lines on the paper .
In 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for an artistic residence there .
Before this time , I had worked as <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and as I went from one place to another , I realized that there was no visual art there .
At the time , the sound was the trend and that struck me .
There was no visual art , it was all hearing .
Now the sound has come in in my territory of art .
Is it going to get me more about art ?
I realized it does n't have to be like that .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't just experience through your ears .
I can feel it like touch , or experience it , visually , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything I had taught myself in sound , and I decided to leave it and get it out .
I started to create a new job of work .
And when I presented it to the art community , I was shocked by the number of support and attention I got .
I realized that sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
On the background of my mind , I always felt that sound was alien , it was something of an listener person .
And the sound is so powerful that it could be <unk> me and my artistic work , or I could empower myself .
I chose to get stuck .
There 's a massive culture around language speaking .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to the eyes of society is as if I did n't have a voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
That way I 'm able to be relevant to the current society .
So in school , at work and institutions , work with many different performers from <unk> .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking their voices , I 'm able to maintain a temporary way of value , something like taking a loan from a very high interest rate .
If I wo n't continue to do this practice , I feel that I could get it into oblivion and not have any kind of social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the music world .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note ca n't capture and express fully on paper .
And the same can be said of a concept in <unk> .
The two are very , highly <unk> and highly <unk> , which means that subtle changes can affect all meaning as much as the sounds of the sounds .
I 'd like to share with you a piano metaphor , so you understand better how the <unk> works .
So imagine a piano .
<unk> is divided into many different parameters .
If you measure a different parameter for each finger as you touch the piano , as the facial expression , the body 's movement , the speed , the speed of your hand , and so , while you play the piano , the English is a linear language , as if you 're going to get a key at the time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers in the time to express a clear concept or an idea in <unk> .
If only a key would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing with music in terms of pitch and timbre and volume .
In <unk> , using these different <unk> parameters , you can express different ideas .
For example , the sign `` <unk> on that . ''
This is the sign of `` <unk> on that . ''
I 'm seeing you .
Hold them out of me .
Oh , I 'm going to tell you .
Ooh .
What are you looking at ?
Ah , enough !
So I started thinking , and if I look at <unk> through music glasses ?
If I had to create a sign and it would take it over and again , it might be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the `` day '' sign , the sun comes out and it gets .
This is `` all day . ''
If you go through it , and you slow the speed , it looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same thing can be said from the whole night . ''
`` All night . ''
This is all night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different kinds of nights : `` Last night , '' `` night , '' `` overnight . ''
I feel that the third has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time it is expressed in <unk> and how distance the body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present is closer and closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body and the past is on the back .
So the first example is , `` It 's a long time ago . ''
Then , `` past , '' and the last one , which is my favorite , with a very romantic idea at the time , `` Once again . ''
Time for common is a musical term with a specific rate of times the compass .
However , when I look at the word `` common time '' -- I think automatically , at the same time .
Look at <unk> : right hand , E : left .
We have the <unk> through your head and the chest .
( Face : <unk> , flashlight ] [ Time ] [ Time ] [ dollars ] [ due ] E : E , flashlight , '' I 'm going to show you a form of your hand called `` flashlight limb . ''
Can you do it with me ?
All with your hands .
Now we 're going to do it both in your head like my chest , something like `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yes , very well .
That means `` love '' in the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages all over the world .
The second thing I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means `` colonization '' in <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` lighting '' in the <unk> .
Let 's do the three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` lighting '' and `` illumination . ''
Good job .
So look at how three signs are very similar . They 're all happening in your head and chest . But they convey very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and thriving , just like music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> does n't have sounds , it does n't have social value .
We have to start questioning what defines social value , and allow the <unk> to develop its own value , without sound .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learning <unk> .
The <unk> is a treasure treasure , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience our visual language .
And you never know , they can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
Denise <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents told me , `` You can hold it all , but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence , or a ignorance bubble I must say , because adults would lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I was older , I found out that adults also collaborate , and they 're not very good at cleaning the others .
The time I spent , now I 'm an adult and teach citizen and invention in the Hong Kong School of Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait for a lot to get my students to walk through the beach and lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , clean the beaches , and not , it 's not drinking alcohol , and if he is , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's something creepy .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big vessels and networks , to collect those pieces of plastic and to study them under the microscope , and <unk> and <unk> this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very risky to use those huge boats .
So with my students , with ages of six to 15 years , we dream about invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny <unk> classroom in Hong Kong .
We started building this <unk> <unk> table so that the kids really can participate in .
And I 'll tell you , children who manipulate electrical tools feel great and safe .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce the size that we find it in the ocean , which is very small , because of its fragmentation .
That 's what we do .
I 'll leave you with the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child , and try to get them into something that we expect to work .
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just <unk> information .
By using a robot , we took an image of this plastic -- kids get really excited about robots .
Then we created quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast in creating prototypes that we end up before lunch .
And we turned light bulbs and web cameras on accessories and we stitch them into a floating robot that will move slowly through water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see the bits of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the computer on board process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a good estimate of the amount of plastic in the water .
I 'm going to make this invention step at a website for inventors called `` <unk> , '' with hope that someone else is slightly more .
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem , and boom , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
[ I can investigate my local problem ] But my students in Hong Kong are very highly informed children .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you 're going to sit with this picture .
A child , maybe less than 10 years old , cleaning up a oil spill , only using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water that you bathe , the water that they bathe , the place where they live .
You can also see that the water is brown , mud and oil is also brown , and when everything mixes , it 's very difficult to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
So we built a very first prototype of a semiconductor that can take it through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
We 're going to make this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or analyzing a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children .
[ I can investigate a problem at a distance , '' and I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe address a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French half , and probably remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that he made various giant waves , called tsunamis , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the East Coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant from Fukushima , a nuclear station nearby to water .
And today , as an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the entire Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the West Coast , we can measure the radiation radiation everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of the time , it is safe , is blue .
Well , reality is a bit more complicated than that .
I 've come back to Fukushima every year from the crash and researching independent with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to bring kids to .
Of course we did n't get them , the parents did n't help .
But every night we reported to the center of control -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take the work seriously , but they do it because they 're going to have to live with their entire life .
Together with them , we discussed the data <unk> that day and talk about what we were going to do later , strategies and <unk> and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> <unk> map around the region around the nuclear power plant .
We created the elevation map , we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and water streams to simulate the rain .
With this , we were able to notice that radioactive dust was thrown from the top of the mountain to the <unk> system and <unk> in the ocean .
It was a good estimate .
But based on this , we organized an civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear center to date .
We zoom up to 1.5 miles of nuclear power , and with the help of fishermen in the area , we were collecting sediments from the sea floor with a <unk> tracker that we invented and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open source technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been increasingly frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage that we 've done .
We have n't even begun to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take the leap and try to invent better ways of doing all of these things .
So the classroom became a little so small therefore , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turning it into the biggest space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the center of Hong Kong , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , a little bit of biology , of optical , basically , you can build almost beyond all there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can actually become true with adults , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like , can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in population mobility transforming their standard wheelchair into new electrical vehicles ?
The plastic , the oil and <unk> are terrible <unk> , but the worst legacy we can leave our children are lies .
We ca n't afford to protect the children 's horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , we need to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people , and so that I can really do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposing design cultures .
One is made of thousands of steel parts , the other one of a single silk thread .
One of them is synthetic , another organic .
One puts over the environment , the other one creates it .
One is designed by nature , another for her .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the gross marble marble , he saw a figure that fights for being free .
The <unk> was only a tool of Michelangelo .
But living beings are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we carry all the information for every cell to function and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the design world has been mastered by manufacturing and mass production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world made out of parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects like <unk> parts with different functions with different functions .
But you do n't find <unk> of <unk> material .
Think of the human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin to pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with little pores .
You act mainly like filter , the other mainly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : there 's no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that changes gradually its functionality through variability .
Here 's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world , which represents <unk> of every designer and an architect to work on the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between assembly and growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right hemisphere , analysis and synthesis , shows on two screens after me .
My work , in its simplest level , tries to bring these two visions in the world , moving away from assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering , why now ?
Why was n't it possible about 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where we have four disciplines that offer access to tools that we never had access before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I created .
Please know the minds and my students ' hands .
We design objects , products , structures and tools across scales , large-scale , like this robotic arm with a scope of the diameter with a <unk> basis that some day not much distant to print entire buildings -- and graphs at the nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms altered in the darkness .
Here we have <unk> the default , an archetype of the old Arab architecture , and it 's created a screen where every single aperture is size to shape the form of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explore the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion fashion center of Paris , they 're <unk> , it 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
Together with <unk> 3D printing , we printed this layer and skirt 's 3D skirt between the cells . I 'll show you more objects like that .
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical analytical and the synthetic instruments , allows products to fit not only the form of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a <unk> chair and also it absorbs sound .
Professor Carter , my collaborator , went back to nature to inspire , and by designing this irregular surface pattern , it becomes <unk> .
<unk> this surface of 44 different properties , which vary stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Its surface , like in nature , changes its functionality , not through addition to another material or another assembly , but continuously <unk> and delicately the material property .
But is the ideal nature ?
There 's no parts in nature ?
I was n't raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was young , my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what matters to me .
As she says , `` In the third day of the Creation , God calls the Earth to grow a tree loaded with fruit . ''
For that first tree , it would have no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and sound .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land made up trees with branches , crust , water and flowers .
The land created a world made out of parts .
I often ask myself , `` What would design be if objects were made from one piece ? ''
Do we have a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree <unk> with fruit , and we found it .
The second most abundant <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons produce each year by organisms as shrimp , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we could tune into their properties , we could generate structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it <unk> . We made a lot of shrimp husks , <unk> and produced toothpaste .
<unk> chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a broad range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to light , soft and transparent .
To print the large-scale structures , it was built a system with multiple <unk> nozzles .
The robot could vary the material properties of the march and create these structures made from one single , three feet long , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , it leaves them dry to find a natural way to contact with air .
So why are we designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms , for the first time on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , we were taking the bacteria genetically engineered carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make the transition without string beam problems , and if it grows even more , window .
A tree was loaded with fruit .
Working with an ancient material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure of shrimp husks in an architecture that acts as a tree .
And here 's the best part : for objects designed for biodegrade , put in the sea , <unk> marine life , and placed it on the ground , help grow a tree .
The fit for our next exploration to the same design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for <unk> trips .
To do that , we need to master bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we made our own table of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made of additive and <unk> form .
I like to think about synthetic biology , like liquid alchemy , only instead of precious metals , increasingly biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
We 're going to get our own 3D waterways to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , two microorganisms combined .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria living in the human intestine .
It turns the light into sugar , the other sugar consumes , and it produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms , they do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They 're here , designed for the first time to have a relationship in a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but by design .
To contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like the digestive tract , which will help you flow these bacteria , and they 're going to make their function function .
So we started to grow those channels in the human body , and we 're going to get the properties of the material that we wanted to make material .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , you have more transparent channels .
This <unk> digestive system , when it stretch from one end to another , 60 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our thin intestine .
And here is , as we 're going to be at TED , our first <unk> Fraser , bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley he said , `` We 're living creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would get the other half ?
What if we could create structures that grow up alive ?
And if we could create personal <unk> , that we 're going to make our skin , protect the damaged tissue and through our bodies ?
Think of this as a way to edit biology .
I call this material ecology .
For that , we always have to go back to nature .
So now you know that a 3D printer prints into layers .
You also know that nature does n't do that .
It grows . <unk> with sophistication .
This cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home in which they 're <unk> .
<unk> manufacturing is about this level of sophistication .
It does that through combination not from two materials , but two proteins at different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other one is the glue or the matrix , uniting those fibers in each other .
And this happens across scales .
The silk worm first turns out in the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then starts to <unk> a cocoon of compression .
The tension and compression , the two forces of life , they manifest themselves in a single material .
In order to understand better how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , on the spinneret .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud cloud , and visualize the complex architecture of cocoon of the silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm in a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that we would have a flat cocoon and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started designing different environments , different scaffolding , and we discovered that the shape , the composition , the structure of the cocoon , is transmitted directly by the environment .
And often the silk worms were amputated to death within their cocoons , their silk gets rid and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we could form the raw silk without boiling a cocoon .
They <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we took this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a <unk> robot doing it , and we put ourselves on our site .
We knew that silk worms are going into the darkest and cool spots , so we use a solar route to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So , we created holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , distributes the silk worms on the structure .
We were ready to get the threads .
<unk> worms of silk to a online silk farm .
And after they feed four weeks , they were ready to engage with us .
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding , and as <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , put eggs , and life begins again , like us , but much , much shorter .
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and he was right .
The biological silk of <unk> silk is actually given the whole pavilion that we integrity .
And in a little more than two or three weeks , <unk> clay worms .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
Now moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 additional pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A silk pot through a robotic arm , the other full empty body .
If the last frontier of design is giving life to the products and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers must bring these two visions in the world .
What drives us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new era of design , a new era of creation , which brings us from a design that is inspired by nature to an inspired nature of design , which demands for us , for the first time , that we make care of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Hands up if you ever asked them , `` What do you want to be bigger ? ''
If you had to remember how old they were asked for the first time ?
You can <unk> your fingers .
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if you ask the question , `` What do you want to be ? ''
It 's caused by some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be better ? ''
The problem was not that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked English , <unk> and art , and running websites , besides , playing the guitar on a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And I really like to try and persist anyway , because we have spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But over time this sense of boredom , this feeling of this , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm focusing on something else , something totally different , and I 'm going to take myself to it , and I 'm going to let myself absorb , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found myself , '' and then again , I 've found this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn all this into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all my other passions , and <unk> to <unk> .
Another reason that caused me so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and something bad at me is not going to be done by anything .
I was worried about engagement , or being dispersed , or to be dispersed or my own success .
If you can relate to my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to have asked myself .
Ask yourself , where they learned to allocate the meaning of bad or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned , they learned about the culture .
You ask yourself first , `` What do you want to be ? ''
It 's about five years .
And the truth is , nobody cares about what they 're going to do with that age .
It 's considered a naive question to make nice answers in kids like , `` being an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to give you the Halloween suit here .
So this question is over and over again as we grow up in various ways , <unk> . Some of the high school students are asked to take in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise of it before what gets us out of sleep .
Why ?
If this question inspires the kids to dream of what they might be , does n't inspire to dream with everything they could be .
In fact , it does just the opposite , because when someone asks you what you want to be , you ca n't answer it with 20 different things , even though they 're good maybe good and say , `` Oh , what cute , but you ca n't be subjected to be sweeping sweeping and psychologist . ''
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob d'Alene , and he 's craftsman from violins and <unk> .
And this Amy Ng , editor turned into <unk> , entrepreneur , teacher and director .
But most kids do n't hear about people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
<unk> life is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate or the real vocation , the idea that each of us has something to spend for your time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and I 'll spend your life on it .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are lots of different subjects that bring their curiosity and many different things that want to do ?
There 's no place for someone like one in that frame .
And so you can feel only .
You can feel that it does n't have a goal .
And I feel like there 's something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong with you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath like that .
It could help if you divide into three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use the other terms that we 're going to take the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the time of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was fine <unk> in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
Let 's do any term you like or make your own .
It seems to me as a kind of adapt to a community , we ca n't agree with a single identity .
It 's easy to look at it as limitation or woe you must beat .
But what I 've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website , that there are huge strengths in being this way .
Here 's three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and creating something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressed their shared interests in cartography , visualization of data , travel , math and design , and I found <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates remarkable jewelry .
By <unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea of his eclectic mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation is happening on intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all of their background , can access a lot of these points at an intersection .
The second superpower , <unk> is fast learning .
When we <unk> them , we 're interested in something , we 're going to go .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to being beginners , because it 's been many times in the past , and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort areas .
Many of the skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring all of what we 've learned to every new area we 're going to pursue , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a full <unk> and an independent writer .
As a child a pianist was published , an incredible ability to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before he became a writer , he was a financial planner .
He had to learn the finest sales when they started their practices , and this ability helps to write a compelling musician for editors .
Rarely , it 's a waste of time to go to what you 're attracted to , even if they were at the end .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge in a totally different field , in a way that you could n't have anticipated .
The third superpower <unk> is adaptability . That is , the ability to turn into anything you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes director of videos , others , web pages , sometimes by Kickstarter , sometimes teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it makes a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take different roles , depending on the needs of their clients .
Fast Company magazine defined adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so rapidly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can afford to meet the needs of the market , which we actually thrive .
<unk> ideas , rapid learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that could lose if you 're a <unk> to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in foster people who are themselves .
We have complex problems , it 's multidimensional right now , and we need no conventional creative thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they are , in your heart , specialists .
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong with you either .
In fact , some of the best teams make up from a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep deep and put in practice ideas , and <unk> offers a amplitude of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that we 're connected to how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , to the <unk> , in large part , are encouraging them to simply be more like their specialized partners .
I once said this , if there 's one thing you 're taking away from this talk , I hope that 's this : <unk> with the inner wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then you 're going to take care of all the media .
That 's where you will give the best of it .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those who have just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I say , <unk> with their many passions .
Follow his curiosity for those <unk> .
<unk> intersections .
It leads our inner wiring to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most important , <unk> , the world needs us !
Thank you .
In the year alone , a woman named <unk> led to a psychiatric guide in <unk> .
<unk> <unk> and could n't remember even the most basic detail of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help <unk> , but I 'm going to go through it until , unfortunately , passed away in 1906 .
After his death , he was doing an autopsy , and they found strange plates , and he found strange plates , and he had never seen before .
The most amazing thing .
If I had been alive today , we could n't give it more aid than the one that he 'd been able to give him 114 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
From 1901 , medicine has moved too much .
They 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect ourselves from the infections , a lot of cancer treatments , drugs for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But recently , it 's made progress on Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer 's for more than a decade .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimer 's now affects 40 million across the world .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live up to 85 or more , the possibility of Alzheimer 's going to be almost one of two .
In other words , there is the probability of which you spend your years with Alzheimer 's or helping care for a friend or dear Alzheimer 's .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's cost 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spending on Alzheimer 's disease .
Today is the most expensive disease , and its costs are increasing by five times in 2050 , as the generation of the boom was older .
You may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's is one of the biggest medical challenges of our generation .
But it 's been relatively little about <unk> .
Today , one of the first 10 sources of death all over the world , Alzheimer 's the only one you ca n't prevent , healing or even slow their development .
We understand less than Alzheimer 's than other diseases because we spend less time and money on the research of the same .
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in cancer research than the cause of cancer , despite the fact that it costs us Alzheimer 's and cause a annual number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to a most fundamental cause : the lack of consciousness .
Because this is what time people know , but everybody else should : Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last 114 years , everybody , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's aging .
We think that will be embedded in a normal and inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of an aging brain compared to the one of a Alzheimer 's patients to see the real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to trigger a severe memory loss and mental skills , damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's reduces significantly life expectancy , and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and cosmic strangers in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For nearly a century , we did n't know a lot about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper that folds up as an origami .
There are places on the paper that are sticky .
And when it folds right , these <unk> dots end up inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some sticky dots stay outside .
This makes the molecules of protein stick each other , forming groups that can form big plates and this rolls .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's disease .
We 've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There are a lot of steps , and the identification of which blocked is complex , like a bomb .
<unk> a wire could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , most of you have reduced the wires and waited better .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , geneticists , chemists , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop the disease .
I 'll show you some of our last results .
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's look at some videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they move normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have protein molecules that stick in each other , as in humans with Alzheimer 's .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But when we give our new drugs to these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just a positive initial result , but research as this shows that Alzheimer 's is a disease that we can understand and cure .
And after 114 years of waiting , there 's real hope that can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But I grow that hope , from overcoming Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not scientists like me , it 's about you .
We 've got to tell you that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease , and that if we try , we can <unk> .
In the case of other diseases , patients and their families have sought more research and <unk> pressure on governments , pharmaceutical industry , scientists and legislators .
That was essential to move on HIV treatment in the late '80s .
Today we see that same unit to overcome cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients can often not talk about themselves .
And their families , the hidden , hidden victims of their loved ones day and night , they are often too often too afraid to go out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimer 's not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain runs the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients as <unk> , who ca n't create the change that they need for themselves .
They 're talking about them , and help to demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column in January of this year .
To fall in love with someone to do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and of my own experience when I test it myself a night last summer .
So , the procedure is quite simple : Two strangers will come up to get 36 and more personal questions , and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions for example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or skill , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was the last time you would get to another person ?
And just ?
We 're mediated through it , these are more and more personal .
Number 30 : -- this really like -- Tell your partner what you like about it or she -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you 've just met .
When I came across this study a few years ago , really a really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later I invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time to test this study , with someone who knew not particularly well , I did n't expect to fall .
And yet , we fell in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send it to the Afghan love column a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's already August , so I guess some of you probably are wondering : They keep together still ?
And the reason I think this is because this question is because I 've already done this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to it .
A week before the paper was published , it was very nervous .
I had been working in a romantic book in the last few years , so I had been thrilled to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views as a lot , and those were usually just my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would be probably a few thousand views .
And that took a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But she had no idea .
The paper was published on a Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in my blog traffic .
And Sunday , I had already called the World Show and `` Good <unk> . ''
In one month , the paper received over eight million hits , and I was , by saying something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster trust writing seriously about love experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of an international news has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people call them or write , what they did every day for weeks , always , they did first the same question : still follow ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I made a quick search for the mailbox of my email with the phrase , `` Are they still together ? ''
And several messages came up immediately .
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and asked him .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey <unk> where is your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately got red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was n't ready for the wingspan of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have <unk> life .
In fact , the New York Times published a complementary article for Valentine 's , which included the readers of the readers when they tested them with different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
And I refused TV interviews , and refused the orders for pictures of us two .
I think I was afraid to become the <unk> icons of the <unk> process , a range for which I did n't feel at all qualified .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know whether the study worked , they wanted to know if it was able to produce enduring love , not just an adventure , but real love , enduring love .
But this was a question I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially that people made the wrong question .
How do you know if we would push together or not , and also you tell them ?
If the answer was no , would the experience of making these 36 questions less interesting ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the research goal was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was looking for nurturing interpersonal approach between college students , using what Aron called <unk> <unk> , progressive and reciprocal .
Sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were feeling closer to doing it . Several later studies also used the <unk> protocol of Aron as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between the police and the community , and they 've used it among people from opposing political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately , he never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a little liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and told me with shyness and told me with shyness and did n't work .
He seemed puzzled for it .
And I mean , you want to say that you 're getting rid of the person who did you do ?
He did a pause .
I think she just wants us to be friends .
And I said , `` But got better friends ? ''
Did you feel that they did get more better after testing the study ?
The nodded .
So , it worked , '' I said .
But I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think that 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I stumbled across the study for the first time when I was 29 , and I was going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was essentially not all my adult life , and he was my first real love , and I had no idea how or if I could live without him .
So I pushed into science .
And so I was able to find everything I could find about the science of romantic love , and I hoped that that could sort of <unk> the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I was just researching for the book that I was writing , in retrospect , seems really obvious .
I thought that if I built with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel so bad and I used to feel like that .
And all this knowledge has been useful from one or another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence in requiring what I look for .
But I can also see myself more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably than reasonably well to demand me .
What I look for love is an assurance , not just to be loved today and to be loved tomorrow , but I 'm going to keep being loved indefinitely by the person I love .
It may be that this is the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if we were still together .
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to fall in love .
There may be a way for some way to mitigate some of the implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love we feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The story version that asks : still still ?
And their content with an answer of yes or not .
So more than a question , I would submit that we make questions harder , questions like : How do you decide who deserves your love and who is n't ?
How do we stay in love when things get hard ? And how can we know when to cut and distance themselves ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live with the question of your partner ?
I do n't know the answers to these questions , but I think they 're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love somebody .
So , if you want the quick version of my relationship , it 's this one , a year ago , a known and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , we fell in love , we still continue , and I 'm very happy .
But in love , it 's not the same as to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my paper I wrote : Love did n't happen .
You fall in love , because we took the choice to be .
And I liked a little bit of reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , it had n't considered everything that we did .
I did n't find how many times we would have to make that decision , and how much times I 'm going to keep doing that choice without knowing before he would always choose or not .
I want it to be done and responded 36 questions , we have chosen to love someone so generous , kind and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in the United States .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really believe .
And what I look for , and what maybe I 'm going to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want to be happy to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article I did not write .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose someone , and the hope that he also love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by a bunch of lesbian , and in a way , I came up with a <unk> of the forest .
And a while ago , something that really affected me but more details later .
I 'll start with it when I was eight years old .
I took a box of wood , and he took a dollar ticket , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strangers or a few aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and let 's figure out how our species exchanged ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's got grace , because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
And at a moment , I was in Hawaii -- I like to go in Hawaii and surf and all those rare things -- and I was doing a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took it all the pages and I made a kind of <unk> <unk> by Agnes Martin , the resin of resin and a bee fell stuck .
Well , my mother 's afraid of bees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I added more resin on the canvas , thinking he could <unk> .
Instead , the opposite happened : Somehow it seemed to be gone from size , as if it was going to make the text with a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronic elements , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things for things , trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around the objects , and I realized that God I can draw in space .
I can flow <unk> , I can draw the same as it 's done around a dead scene on the crime scene .
And I took objects out , and I created my own taxonomy of specimens being invented .
First , botanical -- that you can get an idea .
Then I made insects and strange creatures .
It was so much fun to draw in the resin .
And it was great , because I started to start exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to bring my girlfriend to dinner , for example , go to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I was interested in the human form , sculpture of resin 's size with drawings of human beings within layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dying .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass sheets , similar to drawing in a window , then in another window , and another window , and I had all these windows together that start a three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work , with something very big , that I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , inspired me as much in `` The delight of delight , '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting in the <unk> Museum in Spain .
You know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little ahead of your time .
Well , the triptych . I want to tell you this piece .
It weighs 11 pounds .
It 's half feet long .
It 's got twice as much as 10 meters of composition .
It 's a little weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and lobsters .
There 's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
You 're going to come from the world of representation , the analog mesh underworld where they hide .
Here 's where the creatures of animals are heading to the <unk> , ready to suicide <unk> in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; the Horizon the platform -- the <unk> platform of the <unk> <unk> -- the hut of Osama Bin Laden , there 's all kinds of weird things that you can find if they look very well in the ocean .
It 's also a kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand gets clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a mythological self that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's one aspect of the triptych .
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand that it spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , it 's got a nose of a bird , and it spits out cloud of this nose .
It also has a <unk> tail , a snake tail that joins the `` triptych . ''
Anyway , his tail turn on fire to <unk> on a volcano .
I do n't know why that happened .
Things that go through , you know .
Their tail ends up in a eyeball of <unk> made from 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They were done in the 1980s , as if they were baseball cards .
It takes me to my time . This leads me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each one is an archive of our culture , through media and material whether or subject , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a human archive , and travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they get together , they divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's taking me years .
Each one is basically a microscope array that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human being trapped inside .
This has a small cave on the chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can get the entry down .
I 'm going to show you the rest of the body : there 's a waterfall that comes out of the chest , and that you cover your penis or <unk> , or whatever you have , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick refresher of these works because I ca n't do it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a <unk> body .
This has two heads , and you 're communicating between two .
There 's some pills that come out and come into the head of this strange statue .
There 's a little forest scene inside my ribcage .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer <unk> .
Within this box , there 's a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a musician , a musician , a <unk> radius , a museum , a school , a publishing arm that broadcasts all the content we do in the world , and a garden .
<unk> the box and all the people in the inside of each other as particles .
And I think that 's the way we change the world .
When you redefines it and the box you 're living in .
And together we got to realize that we are all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of the countries , the borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very made of the same matter and in the same box .
And if we do n't start to exchange those things with sweetness , we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when you hurt your head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so this pill has any effect against pain , first it goes through the stomach , the guts and other organs .
Let 's take a pill is the most effective , <unk> system so that any drug is going to be able to make any effect on the body .
The downside , however , is that by <unk> any drug , you know .
And this is a big problem , especially in patients with HIV .
When they take antiretroviral drugs , they serve them to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and increase the brain counts .
But they 're also known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in time that it takes to get into the blood current , they 're <unk> , and worse even for the time that it takes to get to their destination , which is where it 's more important : in the warehouse of HIV .
These are regions of the body like lymph nodes , the nervous system , the lungs , where the virus is dead , and it does n't easily go into the bloodstream of patients who are being tested to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the treatment of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is an ongoing treatment of life managed by oral campaigns .
One day , I sat down and thought , `` Could we be able to get the treatment directly into the warehouse of the virus without the risk of medicines ? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for wounded care and diabetes surgery , you can be used for anything imaginable , including transportation of drugs .
In fact , we 're using laser pulses up to open , or drill extremely small holes , open and closing , almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs .
And the best people ask , `` How is that ? ''
We sent a small and powerful beam of beam over the cell environment living by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
The laser goes through the cell , whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even realize , the hole is immediately immediately .
Today we 're testing this technology in vitro or dishes , but the goal is to take this technology into the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , goes to the site of infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , releases it directly on the site of infection , while the laser is used again to keep open cells .
Well , this does n't look a lot of time .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of every researcher 's dream -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've looked at non-state armed groups : armed organizations as terrorists , insurgents or militia .
card what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to nonviolent confrontation .
I do fieldwork in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solving all conflict in progress , because the war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
It 's now a conflict between states and actors .
For example , from the <unk> deals with 1975 , between 1975 and 2011 , they signed up between a state and an actor 's actor .
So we need to understand these groups , we even have to engage them or engage in any resolution of successful conflict resolution .
But how do you do that ?
We have to know what motivates these organizations .
We know very well the reasons they fight , how they do it , but nobody actually analyzes what they do when they 're not fighting .
The armed struggle and policies are not armed .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global vision .
The armed groups today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese <unk> against his violent newsroom against Israel .
From their creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a network of social services and a military device .
Similarly , Palestinian Hamas , known for their suicide attacks against Israel , runs the Gaza Bank since 2007 .
So these groups do more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
We put a complex machinery of communication : radio stations , TV channels , Internet websites and strategies in social networks .
And you have the magazine for ISIS , printed printed and published to recruit .
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising fundraising , but through cost-effective business , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
The armed groups also do something else : they create stronger ties with their population to invest in social services .
They build schools , they run hospitals , they put them in <unk> programs or <unk> programs .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
The armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that the state does n't provide , security and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan torn by the war or even the beginning of the ascent of ISIS , you can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide safety .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has an elevated price for the population .
But , in general , providing social services means filling a vacuum , a divide by government , and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the election victory of 2006 in Palestinian Hamas may not be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex scenario , even in the West , when we analyzed the armed groups , we just think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or the long-term vision .
These groups are hybrids .
<unk> because they put gaps left by government , and emerge as armed and political groups , participate in nonviolent struggle and governance .
And the more complex and more sophisticated , the more sophisticated organizations are these organizations , we can less <unk> as something other than a state .
How do I call a group like <unk> ?
They put up part of a territory , run all of their functions , collect the trash , run the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines are <unk> .
We live in a world of states , of <unk> nations and hybrids , and the weaker are the states , like the Middle East , more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups have to invest more in military tools .
It has to be in the center of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach .
This is very important to establish and strengthen peace .
If we understand better to armed groups , we 'll understand better what incentives to offer transition from violence to violence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can make some battles , but we do n't give peace and stability .
To get these goals , we need long-term investments to fill that vacuum gap , to fill that gap in government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a feminist and a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept the label of `` feminist '' `` feminist '' for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And so I got myself as a feminist guy .
Or at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The Bad feminist , '' and then in the interviews , people started to call me <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate outcry , has become something bigger .
Let me step back .
When I was young , especially in my youth and 20 years old , I had weird ideas about feminist , these women <unk> , I had angry men and they hated sex . As if that was something wrong .
Today , I see how women are treated around the world and anger , in particular , seems a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using people at ease that it might be feminist .
It 's going to be labeled a feminist labeled an accusation , a <unk> and disgusting word .
I 'm <unk> as a woman who 's not following the rules , which calls too , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's equal or superior to a man .
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman , until it realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time I was growing up , I started accepting I am , in fact , feminist , and also , proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
<unk> the same wages for the same work .
We have a right to travel around the world as the <unk> , free of harassment or violence .
We have a right to use it in easy ways and accessible to contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , no need for legislative checks or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about women 's needs , you have to have on account our other identities .
We are not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , social condition , skills and most .
We have to have these differences and how they affect us , in the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without this kind of inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things they 're doing from me a feminist .
I have another confession .
When I drive the job , I hear rap music with it all volume .
Although the letter degrades to women and offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> , '' the yin Yang <unk> is incredible .
`` Do that with your wet t-shirt .
<unk> , turn it up until the shell is left ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical taste .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all household tasks , but also killing insects , garbage collection , <unk> , <unk> maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the nice things .
I can look at `` The <unk> '' and romantic cartoons , and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy tales that they make reality .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of his husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not a guy to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> in a way that makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
Let 's get this problem .
<unk> the conventional feminism that has ignored or <unk> historically , the needs of color women , workers , gay and transgender women , favor of white , heterosexuals , middle class and high .
Listen , if that 's good feminism , I 'm a very bad feminist .
It also happens to this : As a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted feminist on a pedestal .
We expect it to be perfection .
When we were <unk> , we take them very comfortable from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I think I think of that pedestal before I try to put myself there .
Too many women , particularly the innovative and leaders of the sector , are afraid to be tagged as feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' for fear of what that tag means , by fear , to not be able to reach with the slightly realistic expectations .
Take for example , or like I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a feminist declared .
In <unk> Music 2014 , on MTV , he acted on the word `` feminist '' three feet tall .
It was a wonderful show , looking at this star of poo embracing feminism and making women and young men to be feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , the critics of cultural critics started endless debates if it was or not quite a feminist .
They took her feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman .
<unk> perfection in feminist , because we 're still fighting a lot , we want a lot , we need so hard .
We 're going to go much beyond the absolute , constructive and constructive criticism , to tell feminism of any woman , to tear it up until there 's nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
The bad feminism , or rather , a most inclusive feminism is the starting point .
But what happens next ?
We 're going to recognize our flaws to take accounts , to go to action and be a little more courageous .
If I hear demeaning music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy providing an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until they turn to change affecting their profits .
It certainly is difficult .
Why does your music have to be so <unk> ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions are treated this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces and three and four years .
It 's two great girls , and brilliant , and also very brave , and I want you to grow up in a world .
They 're being touched by the strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best option is within as something much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program comes to sexual violence against women as a sport , and we 'll get the Game of yours .
We can change the radio aperture when we hear songs that treat women as nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the movie somewhere else when movies do n't treat women more than as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports , where athletes treat their coworkers like boxing boxing .
In any case , the men , especially white men , heterosexuals can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in your magazine , participate in your project , or work with you , until it does n't include a lot of women , so much to participate in making decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are <unk> but invited to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also help be included until more as us are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decisions .
Because we 're not <unk> anymore . Without these efforts , without embracing these positions , our accomplishments will mean very little .
We can make these small acts of bravery and hope that our decisions get to the top , the people in the power of directors and film producers and music , CEOs , the legislators , the people who can make great decisions , more brave , to create lasting lasting change .
We can also tell with the courage to our feminism , well , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> '' says , `` I 'm thinking to be a bad feminist at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons , but I say it , especially because the old my voice was stolen to me , and feminism helped me <unk> .
There was an incident .
I call it incident to address what happened .
A few guys would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know the guys can do this to a girl .
They treated me as anything .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
I 'm going to tell my voice , and after all I did n't dare believe that I could say something that might matter .
But I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I 'm going to lie in a stronger version of myself .
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
The words of the women who showed me was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned how to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
Through writing and feminism , I also discovered that if I was a little brave , another woman might listen to me and see me and realize that none of us is nothing that the world tries to tell us that we are .
In one hand , I have the power to get anything .
And in the other hand , I hold the humbling that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my thinking , which I say and what I do , without abandoning everything that makes me human .
I hope we all can do the same thing .
I hope that we could all be a little courageous , when more you need such a courage .
Right after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California had measles , or being exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting it to more than 100 children in Quebec .
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles may be fatal to a child with a <unk> immune system , is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world .
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but many of the kids involved in the Disneyland outbreak were n't vaccinated , because their parents were afraid of something supposedly worse : autism .
But a moment , it was n't the article that broke the argument about autism and vaccines suspect , disqualified and marked because of being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal ?
Does n't believe most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is an stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world are still assuming that vaccines will put in danger to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of autism increases in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
The few psychologists and pediatricians who had heard of her , they create their professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the estimates of prevalence continued stable just three or four children per 10,000 .
But then , in the 1990s , the numbers started to <unk> .
International fundraising companies refer routinely as autism as an epidemic , as if I could catch another child on Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If you 're not vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people from the Centers for Disease Control , what 's going on , they tend to based on phrases like `` diagnostic '' criteria and `` better detection of cases '' to explain these growing numbers .
But that kind of language does n't <unk> a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks the face of his son of two years , visual contact .
If the diagnostic criteria had to be a scale , why were they so small at the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to discover the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened is that what happened is it has less to do with slow progress and cautious about the <unk> of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism is and how it discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global health .
There was a second more accurate history of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we need to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins Hospital . In <unk> , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed inhabit private worlds , <unk> the people around them , even their own parents .
You could have fun during hours by waving their faces , but they were prey to panic as when they did n't put his favorite toy into their usual place without knowing it .
On the basis of the patients that are treated in their clinic , <unk> speculated that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as a major authority of the world in the subject , declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome while collecting references from places as far as distant South Africa .
This is actually not surprising , because the criteria for autism diagnosis were very <unk> .
For example , let 's give that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he had been told that he had become nine of 10 kids sent by the other doctors to her office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
<unk> autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold parents and <unk> .
These kids , he said , they 've kept very carefully on a fridge that we do n't have .
At the same time , however , I noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that put together in certain areas like music , mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies before I turned two .
When his mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad opinion of these skills , saying things like the kids were just putting out what they 'd heard of their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of embarrassment for families , and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Amazingly , it was n't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of <unk> that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of the <unk> mothers of <unk> was pretty stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> , and they had a deep autistic daughter named Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl , like black-eyed Susie without special education , and without access to other resources without diagnosis .
To defend the National Service , they needed more resources for autistic kids and their families , <unk> and their colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
They launched a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
I took a suburb from London called <unk> to try and find the autistic kids in the community .
What they saw of course that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some kids could n't speak at all , whereas others were <unk> in their fascination in an astrophysicist , or in the genealogy of <unk> .
Otherwise , these kids did n't fit cute , beautiful , <unk> , as Judith said , and they saw a lot of them , much more than the monolithic model of <unk> would have predicted .
At first , they were lost to try to make sense of their data .
How did n't anybody notice these kids before ?
But then I found out a reference to a paper published in 1944 , the year after the <unk> article , and then I forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article of competition , but I avoided <unk> mentioning in their own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the husband 's husband was talking German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative history of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger , who ran an integrated clinic with a school school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The Asperger 's ideas for teaching children with learning differences were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in his clinic , they started with music exercises , and the kids kept their games on Sunday afternoon .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , Asperger 's described as a <unk> disability for life that required open-ended support of support and <unk> spaces over the course of life .
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger 's called their little teachers , and he started to help the development of education methods that were particularly suited to them .
Basically , Asperger saw autism as a continuous continuum that included an amazing variety of gifts and disability .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuum in archetypes known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the <unk> professor .
He was beyond even saying , for success in science and art , an ounce of autism is essential .
<unk> and Judith discovered that he was wrong with autism , as well as the parents were <unk> .
Over the next few years , they worked in silence with the U.S. American Association to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called `` autistic spectrum . ''
In the late '80s , the early 1990s , their changes were in place , by <unk> , the limited model of <unk> by a comprehensive , inclusive model .
These changes did n't fell in a broken bag .
And I 'm going to see , when I was born and Judith worked in the gates to reform these criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before I went out `` Rain Man , '' in 1988 , just a small circle , <unk> by experts knew what autism was , but after unforgettable acting and `` Rain Man '' with four awards of Academy <unk> and `` Rain Man '' with four awards from the Academy , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , the first medical clinical trials were introduced to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man '' the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect , a perfect storm of autism .
The number of diagnoses started rise , just as they predicted <unk> and Judith , they hoped that that way out , making people with autism and their families finally pay support and services that would deserve .
So Andrew <unk> came to blaming the vaccines for the increase in diagnosis . A simple , powerful , and seductive story believable as the theory of <unk> that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate of preventing 1 children in America are in the spectrum , it 's right , <unk> are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have come together on the Internet to reject the idea that it 's the puzzles to solve for the new medical breakthroughs , <unk> the term `` <unk> '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
One way to understand the <unk> is to think about human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does n't work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to autistic standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social networking , and it suffers from an attention of attention to detail .
Certainly , autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still reaching Asperger , which believed that the `` cure '' for most disabling aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers , employers with capacity , support communities , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on the cover of humanity . ''
As opposed to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We ca n't afford to waste a brain .
Thank you .
